A Adam et a sa femme aussi l'Eternel Dieu fit des vetements de peaux et les vetit.
A ceci nous avons connu l'amour parce qu'il a donne sa vie pour nous et nous devons donner nos vies pour les freres.
A ceci nous savons que nous aimons les enfants de Dieu quand nous aimons Dieu et que nous gardons ses commandements.
A ceci nous savons que nous sommes de la verite et nous assurerons nos coeurs devant lui.
A ceci vous connaissez l'Esprit de Dieu tout esprit qui confesse que Jesus Christ est venu en chair est de Dieu.
A good man sheweth favor and lendeth he handleth his affair with generosity.
A la femme il dit je multiplierai grandement tes peines et ta grossesse en peines tu enfanteras.
A la sueur de ton visage tu mangeras du pain jusqu'a ce que tu retournes a la terre car de celle-ci tu as ete pris car poussiere tu es et a la poussiere tu retourneras.
A new commandment I give unto you that ye love one another.
A wicked man heareth and conspireth evil he shall execute it with cruelty.
A window shalt thou make to the ark and in a cubit from above shalt thou finish it and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the sides thereof.
Abraham crut en l'Eternel et il lui fut compté pour justice.
Aime ton prochain comme toi-même.
Ainsi il chassa l'homme et il placa a l'est du jardin d'Eden les Cherubins et une epee flamboyante qui tournait de tous cotes pour garder le chemin de l'arbre de vie.
Ainsi les cieux et la terre furent acheves et toute leurarmee.
Ainsi l'Eternel les repandit de la sur la face de toute la terre et ils cesserent de batir la ville.
All in whose nostrils was the breath of life of all that was in the dry land died.
All thy works shall praise thee O Lord and thy saints shall bless thee.
Allons descendons-la et la confondons leur langage afin qu'ils n'entendent plus le langage de chacun.
Also sent Noah forth a dove from him to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground.
An hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour but through knowledge shall the righteous be delivered.
And a river went out of Eden to water the garden and from thence it was parted and became into four heads.
And Abraham believed in the Lord and he counted it to him for righteousness.
And Adam called his wife's name Eve because she was the mother of all living.
And Adam gave names to all cattle and to the fowl of the air and to every beast of the field.
And Adam said this is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh she shall be called woman because she was taken out of man.
And all flesh died that moved upon the earth both of fowl and of cattle and of beast and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth and every man.
And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years and he died.
And behold I will bring a flood of waters upon the earth to destroy all flesh wherein is the breath of life from under heaven and everything that is in the earth shall die.
And brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them and whatsoever Adam called every living creature that was the name thereof.
And darkness was upon the face of the deep.
And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground both man and cattle and the creeping things and the fowl of the heaven and they were destroyed from the earth and Noah only was left and they that were with him in the ark.
And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself even as he is pure.
And every plant of the field before it was in the earth and every herb of the field before it grew.
And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God and this is that spirit of antichrist whereof ye have heard that it should come and even now already it is in the world.
And every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind.
And every tree in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed to you it shall be for meat.
And every winged fowl after his kind and God saw that it was good.
And for seasons and for days and years.
And God blessed Noah and his sons and said unto them be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth.
And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all his work.
And God blessed them and God said unto them be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth.
And God blessed them saying be fruitful and multiply and fill the waters in the seas.
And God called the dry land earth and the gathering together of the waters called he seas.
And God called the firmament heaven.
And God called the light day and the darkness he called night.
And God created great whales and every living creature that moveth.
And God divided the light from the darkness.
And God made the beast of the earth after his kind and cattle after their kind.
And God made the firmament and divided the waters.
And God made two great lights the greater light to rule the day.
And God remembered Noah and all the beasts and all the cattle that was with him in the ark and God made a wind to pass over the earth and the waters asswaged.
And God said behold I have given you every herb bearing seed which is upon the face of all the earth.
And God said I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth both man and beast and the creeping thing and the fowls of the heaven for it repenteth me that I have made them.
And God said let the earth bring forth grass.
And God said let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind.
And God said let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life.
And God said let the waters under the heaven be gathered together.
And God said let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters.
And God said let there be light and there was light.
And God said let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven.
And God said let us make man in our image after our likeness.
And God said this is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you for perpetual generations.
And God said unto Noah the end of all flesh is come before me for the earth is filled with violence through them and behold I will destroy them with the earth.
And God said unto Noah this is the token of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.
And God saw every thing that he had made and behold it was very good.
And God saw that it was good.
And God saw the light that it was good.
And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth.
And God spake unto Noah and to his sons with him saying and me behold I establish my covenant with you and with your seed after you.
And God spake unto Noah saying go forth of the ark thou and thy wife and thy sons and thy sons' wives with thee.
And Ham the father of Canaan saw the nakedness of his father and told his two brethren without.
And he drank of the wine and was drunken and he was uncovered within his tent.
And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
And he said blessed be the Lord God of Shem and Canaan shall be his servant.
And he said cursed be Canaan a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.
And he said I heard thy voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid myself.
And he said unto the woman yea hath God said ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden.
And he said who told thee that thou wast naked hast thou eaten of the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat.
And he shall judge among the nations and shall rebuke many people and they shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks nation shall not lift up sword against nation neither shall they learn war any more.
And he stayed yet other seven days and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark.
And he stayed yet other seven days and sent forth the dove and she returned not again unto him any more.
And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him and he in him and hereby we know that he abideth in us by the Spirit which he hath given us.
And hereby we know that we are of the truth and shall assure our hearts before him.
And I will establish my covenant with you neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.
And I will put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed.
And I will rejoice in Jerusalem and joy in my people and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her nor the voice of crying.
And I will remember my covenant which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.
And if we know that he heareth us whatsoever we ask we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.
And in the second month on the seven and twentieth day of the month was the earth dried.
And in this the children of God are manifest and the children of the devil whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God neither he that loveth not his brother.
And it came to pass after the days that the Lord caused it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights.
And it came to pass as they journeyed from the east that they found a plain in the land of Shinar and they dwelt there.
And it came to pass at the end of a hundred and fifty days that the ark rested upon the mountains of Ararat.
And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year in the first month the first day of the month the waters were dried up from off the earth and Noah removed the covering of the ark and looked and behold the face of the ground was dry.
And it shall come to pass that he that shall seek the Lord shall live and he that shall forsake the Lord shall die.
And it shall come to pass when I bring a cloud over the earth that the bow shall be seen in the cloud.
And it was so.
And let fowl multiply in the earth.
And let it divide the waters from the waters.
And let the dry land appear and it was so.
And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth.
And let them have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the fowl of the air.
And man became a living soul.
And many people shall go and say come ye and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord to the house of the God of Jacob and he will teach us of his ways and we will walk in his paths for the law shall go forth of Zion and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem.
And Noah awoke from his wine and knew what his younger son had done unto him.
And Noah began to be an husbandman and he planted a vineyard.
And Noah builded an altar unto the Lord and took of every clean beast and of every clean fowl and offered burnt offerings on the altar.
And Noah did according unto all that the Lord commanded him.
And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years.
And Noah sent forth a raven and it went forth to and fro until the waters were dried up from off the earth.
And Noah went forth and his sons and his wife and his sons' wives with him.
And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy I will sing yea I will sing praises unto the Lord.
And of every living thing of all flesh two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark to keep them alive with thee they shall be male and female.
And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made.
And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food.
And out of the ground the Lord God formed every beast of the field and every fowl of the air.
And over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.
And over the cattle and over all the earth and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
And Shem and Japheth took a garment and laid it upon both their shoulders and went backward and covered the nakedness of their father and their faces were backward and they saw not their father's nakedness.
And subdue it and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the fowl of the air.
And surely your blood of your lives will I require at the hand of every beast will I require it and at the hand of man at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man.
And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten and gather it to thee and it shall be for food for thee and for them.
And the ark rested in the seventh month on the seventeenth day of the month rested the ark upon the mountains of Ararat.
And the bow shall be in the cloud and I will look upon it that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth.
And the dove came in to him at eventide and lo a freshly plucked olive leaf was in her mouth so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.
And the earth brought forth grass and the herb yielding seed after his kind.
And the earth is sunk under them because they have transgressed the laws changed the ordinance and broken the everlasting covenant.
And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.
And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.
And the evening and the morning were the second day.
And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
And the evening and the morning were the third day.
And the eyes of them both were opened and they knew that they were naked and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons.
And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth and upon every fowl of the heaven upon all that moveth upon the earth and upon all the fishes of the sea into your hand are they delivered.
And the flood was forty days upon the earth and the waters increased and bare up the ark and it was lift up above the earth.
And the fountains of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped and the rain from heaven was restrained.
And the fourth river is Euphrates.
And the fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.
And the gold of that land is good there is bdellium and the onyx stone.
And the lesser light to rule the night and he made the stars also.
And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower which the children of men builded.
And the Lord God called unto the man and said unto him where art thou.
And the Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam and he slept and he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh instead thereof.
And the Lord God commanded the man saying of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat.
And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life.
And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden and there he put the man whom he had formed.
And the Lord God said behold the man is become as one of us knowing good and evil and now lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life and eat and live for ever.
And the Lord God said it is not good that the man should be alone I will make him an help meet for him.
And the Lord God said unto the serpent because thou hast done this thou art cursed above all cattle and above every beast of the field.
And the Lord God said unto the woman what is this that thou hast done and the woman said the serpent beguiled me and I did eat.
And the Lord God took the man and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.
And the Lord said behold the people is one and they have all one language and this they begin to do and now nothing will be restrained from them which they have imagined to do.
And the Lord said enter thou and all thy house into the ark for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.
And the Lord smelled a sweet savour and the Lord said in his heart I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth neither will I again smite any more every thing living as I have done.
And the man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden.
And the man said the woman whom thou gavest to be with me she gave me of the tree and I did eat.
And the name of the second river is Gihon the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.
And the name of the third river is Hiddekel that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria.
And the rib which the Lord God had taken from man made he a woman and brought her unto the man.
And the serpent said unto the woman ye shall not surely die.
And the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made.
And the seventh day he rested and was refreshed.
And the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed.
And the sons of Noah that went forth of the ark were Shem and Ham and Japheth and Ham is the father of Canaan.
And the Spirit is truth which witnesseth of Jesus and these three are one.
And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.
And the tree yielding fruit whose seed was in itself after his kind.
And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month in the tenth month on the first day of the month were the tops of the mountains seen.
And the waters did prevail a hundred and fifty days upon the earth.
And the waters prevailed and were increased greatly upon the earth and the ark went upon the face of the waters.
And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered.
And the whole earth was of one language and of one speech.
And the woman said unto the serpent we may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden.
And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us and we beheld his glory the glory as of the only begotten of the Father full of grace and truth.
And there are three that bear witness in earth the Spirit and the water and the blood and these three agree in one.
And these words which I command thee this day shall be in thine heart.
And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day.
And they said go to let us build us a city and a tower whose top may reach unto heaven and let us make us a name lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
And they said one to another go to let us make brick and burn them thoroughly and they had brick for stone and slime had they for morter.
And they shall build houses and inhabit them and they shall plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them.
And they shall spring up as among the grass as willows by the water courses.
And they were both man and his wife naked in the garden of Eden and were not ashamed.
And this is his commandment that we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ and love one another as he gave us commandment.
And this is the confidence that we have in him that if we ask anything according to his will he heareth us.
And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of the length of three hundred cubits the breadth of fifty cubits and the height of thirty cubits.
And this is the record that God hath given to us eternal life and this life is in his Son.
And thou shalt be fruitful and multiply bring forth abundantly in the earth and multiply therein.
And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes.
And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart and with all thy soul and with all thy might.
And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children and thou shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house and when thou walkest by the way and when thou liest down and when thou risest up.
And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house and on thy gates.
And thy desire shall be to thy husband and he shall rule over thee.
And to every beast of the earth and to every fowl of the air and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth.
And to rule over the day and over the night and to divide the light from the darkness.
And unto Adam he said because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee saying thou shalt not eat of it cursed is the ground for thy sake in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life.
And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God.
And whatsoever we ask we receive of him because we keep his commandments and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.
And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was pleasant to the eyes and a tree to be desired to make one wise.
And when thou seest this thy heart shall rejoice and thou shalt flourish like a herb and the hand of the Lord shall be known to his servants.
And with every living creature that is with you of the fowl of the cattle and of every beast of the earth with you from all that go out of the ark to every beast of the earth.
And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins and in him is no sin.
Ask and it shall be given you seek and ye shall find knock and it shall be opened unto you.
Attends l'Eternel sois de bon courage et il fortifiera ton coeur attends je le dis l'Eternel.
Au commencement Dieu crea les cieux et la terre et la terre etait sans forme et vide.
Au commencement Dieu crea les cieux et la terre.
Au commencement etait la Parole et la Parole etait avec Dieu et la Parole etait Dieu.
Avec des etages inferieurs second et superieurs tu la feras.
Ayant beaucoup de choses a ecrire a vous je ne voudrais pas ecrire avec du papier et de l'encre mais je compte ecrire a vous sur la table de vos coeurs.
Be still and know that I am God.
Be strong and of a good courage be not afraid neither be thou dismayed for the Lord thy God is with thee.
Behold I stand at the door and knock.
Behold what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us that we should be called the children of God therefore the world knoweth us not because it knew him not.
Beloved believe not every spirit but try the spirits whether they are of God because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
Beloved if our heart condemn us not then have we confidence toward God.
Beloved now are we the children of God and it doth not yet appear what we shall be but we know that when he shall appear we shall be like him for we shall see him as he is.
Benidit l'Eternel o mon ame et n'oublie point tous ses bienfaits.
Benidit l'Eternel o mon ame et tout ce qui est en moi benidit son saint nom.
Bien-aimes ne croyez point tout esprit mais eprouvez les esprits s'ils sont de Dieu parce que beaucoup de faux prophetes sont sortis dans le monde.
Bien-aimes nous sommes maintenant les enfants de Dieu et il n'apparait point encore ce que nous serons mais nous savons que lorsque il paraitra nous serons semblables a lui car nous le verrons tel qu'il est.
Bien-aimes si notre coeur ne nous condamne point alors nous avons de la confiance envers Dieu.
Bless the Lord O my soul and all that is within me bless his holy name.
Bless the Lord O my soul and forget not all his benefits.
Blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed is the man that considereth the poor the Lord will deliver him in time of trouble.
Blessed is the man that feareth the Lord that delighteth greatly in his commandments.
Blessed is the man that trusteth in the Lord.
Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee of all flesh both of fowl and of cattle and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth that they may abound in the earth and be fruitful and multiply upon the earth.
But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create for behold I will create Jerusalem a rejoicing and her people a joy.
But flesh with the life thereof which is the blood thereof shall ye not eat.
But for Adam there was not found an help meet for him.
But his hand shall be known against his enemies for the Lord shall come with fire and with his chariots like a whirlwind to render his anger with fury and his rebuke with flames of fire.
But Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord.
But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden God hath said ye shall not eat of it.
But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil thou shalt not eat of it for in the day that thou eatest thereof.
But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot and she returned unto him into the ark for the waters were on the face of the whole ground then he put forth his hand and took her and pulled her in unto him into the ark.
But the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy God.
But there went up a mist from the earth and watered the whole face of the ground.
But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.
But whoso hath this world's good and seeth his brother have need and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him how dwelleth the love of God in him.
But with thee will I establish my covenant and thou shalt come into the ark thou and thy sons and thy wife and thy sons' wives with thee.
By this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments.
Car a cause des peches de leur cupidite et de leurs apostasies j'etais en colere et je les frappai et je me cachai et j'etais en colere et ils allerent en arriere et corrompirent leurs propres voies.
Car au temps de la difficulte il me cachera dans son pavillon dans le secret de sa tente il me cachera il me placera sur un rocher.
Car celui qui lui dit Dieu vous salue est participateur de ses mechantes oeuvres.
Car c'est la l'amour de Dieu que nous gardions ses commandements et ses commandements ne sont point pesants.
Car c'est la le message que vous avez entendu des le commencement que nous devions nous aimer les uns les autres.
Car c'est par la foi que nous sommes justifies et que nous avons acces a cette grace dans laquelle nous sommes etables.
Car Dieu a tant aime le monde qu'il a donne son fils unique afin que quiconque croit en lui ne perisse point mais qu'il ait la vie eternelle.
Car Dieu a tant aime le monde qu'il a donne son fils unique.
Car Dieu n'a pas envoye son Fils dans le monde pour juger le monde mais afin que le monde soit sauve par lui.
Car Dieu sait que le jour ou vous en mangerez alors vos yeux s'ouvriront et vous serez comme des dieux connaissant le bien et le mal.
Car en six jours l'Eternel a fait les cieux et la terre.
Car encore sept jours et je ferai pleuvoir sur la terre quarante jours et quarante nuits et toute substance vivante que j'ai faite je l'effacerai de la face de la terre.
Car il y a trois qui portent temoignage dans le ciel le Pere le Verbe et le Saint Esprit et ces trois sont un.
Car je connais les projets que j'ai formés sur vous dit le Seigneur projets de paix et non de malheur afin de vous donner un avenir et de l'espérance.
Car je ne me disputerai point avec vous pour toujours ni je ne serai point toujours en colere car l'esprit devrait deperir devant moi et les ames que j'ai creees.
Car le juste court lorsque sa force lui manque mais le mechante tombera par le mal.
Car le juste ne sera jamais ebranle il sera en souvenir eternel.
Car le pervers est abomination a l'Eternel mais il est intimement lie avec les justes.
Car le salaire du peche c'est la mort mais le don gratuit de Dieu c'est la vie eternelle en Jesus Christ notre Seigneur.
Car l'Eternel a benedi le jour de sabbat et l'a sanctifie.
Car l'Eternel Dieu n'avait pas fait pleuvoir sur la terre et il n'y avait pas d'homme pour cultiver le sol.
Car notre coeur se rejouira en lui parce que nous avons confiance en son saint nom.
Car nous connaissons en partie et nous prophetisons en partie.
Car nous sommes son oeuvre cree en Jesus Christ pour de bonnes oeuvres que Dieu a precedemment preparees afin que nous y marchions.
Car par grace vous etes sauves par la foi et cela ne vient pas de vous c'est le don de Dieu.
Car quiconque est ne de Dieu surmonte le monde et c'est la la victoire qui a surmonte le monde c'est notre foi.
Car si notre coeur nous condamne cependant Dieu est plus grand que notre coeur et il connait toutes choses.
Cattle and creeping thing and beast of the earth after his kind and it was so.
Ce sont la les generations des cieux et de la terre lorsqu'ils furent creates.
Ce sont la les generations des fils de Noe Sem Ham et Japhet et a eux furent nes des fils apres le deluge.
Ce sont la les trois fils de Noe et d'eux toute la terre fut peuplee.
Celui qui a le Fils a la vie et celui qui n'a point le Fils de Dieu n'a point la vie.
Celui qui commet le peche est du diable car le diable peche depuis le commencement et pour ce but le Fils de Dieu a ete manifeste afin qu'il detruisit les oeuvres du diable.
Celui qui croit au Fils a la vie eternelle et celui qui ne croit point au Fils ne verra point la vie mais la colere de Dieu demeure sur lui.
Celui qui croit au Fils a la vie eternelle.
Celui qui croit au Fils de Dieu a le temoignage en lui-meme celui qui ne croit point Dieu l'a fait menteur parce qu'il n'a pas cru le temoignage que Dieu a donne de son Fils.
Ces choses je vous ai ecrites a vous qui croyez au nom du Fils de Dieu afin que vous sachiez que vous avez la vie eternelle et que vous continuiez a croire au nom du Fils de Dieu.
C'est acheve.
C'est ainsi que Noe fit selon tout ce que l'Eternel lui avait commande ainsi il fit.
C'est pourquoi le nom de celle-ci fut appele Babel parce que la l'Eternel confondit le langage de toute la terre et de la l'Eternel les repandit sur la face de toute la terre.
C'est pourquoi l'homme quittera son pere et sa mere et il s'attachera a sa femme et ils seront une seule chair.
Ceux-la sont ceux qui croient a son nom par la parole de Dieu et ils ne sont nes ni du sang ni de la volonte de la chair ni de la volonte de l'homme mais de Dieu.
Confie en l'Eternel de tout ton coeur et ne t'appuie pas sur ta sagesse.
Convertis car le royaume des cieux est proche.
Craignez maintenant l'Eternel et servez-le en sincerite et en fidelite et detournez-vous du bras des dieux de vos peres et servez l'Eternel.
Cre en moi Dieu un coeur pur.
Create in me a clean heart O God.
Dans lequel il y a vie je donne toute herbe verte pour nourriture et cela fut ainsi.
Day unto day uttereth speech and night unto night sheweth knowledge.
De tout animal pur tu prendras avec toi par sept le male et sa femelle et des betes qui ne sont pas pures par deux le male et sa femelle.
Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies for false witnesses are risen up against me and such as breathe out cruelty.
Demandez et l'on vous donnera cherchez et vous trouverez frappez et l'on vous ouvrira.
Des epines et des ronces elle te produira et tu mangeras l'herbe des champs.
Des oiseaux aussi du ciel par sept le male et la femelle pour conserver la semence en vie sur la face de toute la terre.
Des oiseaux selon leur espece et du betail selon leur espece de tout etre rampant de la terre selon son espece deux de chaque espece viendront vers toi pour les conserver en vie.
Devise not evil against thy neighbour seeing he dwelleth securely by thee.
Dieu crea donc l'homme a son image a l'image de Dieu il le crea.
Dieu est amour.
Dieu etendra Japhet et il habitera dans les tentes de Sem et Canaan sera son serviteur.
Dont la graine est en lui-meme sur la terre et cela fut ainsi.
Elle prit de son fruit et en mangea et elle en donna aussi a son mari avec elle et il mangea.
Elle t'ecraseras la tete et tu lui ecraseras le talon.
En ce jour tu ne feras aucun oeuvre.
En verite en verite je vous dis celui qui entend ma parole et qui croit a celui qui m'a envoye a la vie eternelle.
Enseigne moi ta voie Eternel et mene moi dans un chemin droit a cause de mes ennemis.
Entends Eternel quand je crie avec ma voix aie misericorde aussi de moi et reponds moi.
Envy thou not the oppressor and choose none of his ways.
Et a Adam il dit parce que tu as ecoute la voix de ta femme et que tu as mange de l'arbre dont je t'avais commande en disant tu n'en mangeras point maudite est la terre a cause de toi en peines tu en mangeras tous les jours de ta vie.
Et a ceci les enfants de Dieu sont manifestes et les enfants du diable quiconque ne fait point la justice n'est point de Dieu ni celui qui n'aime point son frere.
Et a toute bete de la terre et a tout oiseau du ciel et a tout etre rampant sur la terre.
Et Adam dit celle-ci est maintenant os de mes os et chair de ma chair elle sera appelée femme parce qu'elle a ete prise a l'homme.
Et Adam donna a sa femme le nom d'Eve parce qu'elle etait la mere de tous les vivants.
Et Adam donna des noms a tout betail et aux oiseaux du ciel et a toute bete des champs.
Et avec tout etre vivant qui est avec vous des oiseaux du betail et de toute bete de la terre avec vous depuis tout ce qui sort de l'arche a toute bete de la terre.
Et beaucoup de peuples iront et diront venez et montons a la montagne de l'Eternel a la maison du Dieu de Jacob et il nous enseignera ses chemins et nous marcherons dans ses sentiers car la loi sortira de Sion et la parole de l'Eternel de Jerusalem.
Et ceci est le temoignage que Dieu nous a donne la vie eternelle et cette vie est dans son Fils.
Et cela fut ainsi.
Et celui qui garde ses commandements demeure en lui et lui en lui et a ceci nous savons qu'il demeure en nous par l'Esprit qu'il nous a donne.
Et certainement votre sang de vos vies je le demanderai a la main de toute bete je le demanderai et a la main de l'homme a la main de chaque frere de l'homme je demanderai la vie de l'homme.
Et ces paroles que je te commande aujourd'hui seront dans ton coeur.
Et c'est la la confiance que nous avons en lui que si nous demandons quelque chose selon sa volonte il nous entend.
Et c'est la le temoignage que Dieu nous a donne la vie eternelle et cette vie est dans son Fils.
Et c'est la son commandement que nous croyions au nom de son Fils Jesus Christ et que nous nous aimions les uns les autres comme il nous a donne le commandement.
Et de tout etre vivant de toute chair tu prendras deux de chaque espece dans l'arche pour les conserver en vie avec toi ils seront male et femelle.
Et Dieu appela la lumiere jour et les tenebres il les appela nuit.
Et Dieu appela la terre seche terre et le rassemblement des eaux il appela mers.
Et Dieu appela le firmament cieux.
Et Dieu benidit le septieme jour et le sanctifia parce que en ce jour il avait repose de toute son oeuvre.
Et Dieu benidit Noe et ses fils et leur dit soyez fertiles et multipliez et remplissez la terre.
Et Dieu crea les grands cetaces et tout etre vivant qui se meut.
Et Dieu dit a Noe ceci est le signe de l'alliance que j'ai etablie entre moi et toute chair qui est sur la terre.
Et Dieu dit a Noe la fin de toute chair est venue devant moi car la terre est remplie de violence a cause d'eux et voici je les detruirai avec la terre.
Et Dieu dit ceci est le signe de l'alliance que j'etablis entre moi et vous et tout etre vivant qui est avec vous pour des generations perpetuelles.
Et Dieu dit faisons l'homme a notre image selon notre ressemblance.
Et Dieu dit je detruirai l'homme que j'ai cree de la face de la terre tant l'homme que les betes et les etres rampants et les oiseaux du ciel car je suis dans la tristesse de les avoir faits.
Et Dieu dit que la lumiere soit faite et la lumiere fut faite.
Et Dieu dit que la terre fasse produire de l'herbe.
Et Dieu dit que la terre produise l'etre vivant selon son espece.
Et Dieu dit que les eaux produisent abondamment l'etre vivant qui a vie.
Et Dieu dit que les eaux qui sont sous les cieux soient rassemblees.
Et Dieu dit qu'il y ait des lumieres dans le firmament des cieux.
Et Dieu dit qu'il y ait un firmament au milieu des eaux.
Et Dieu dit voici je vous ai donne toute herbe portant de la graine qui est sur la face de toute la terre.
Et Dieu fit deux grandes lumieres la lumiere plus grande pour presider au jour.
Et Dieu fit la bete de la terre selon son espece et le betail selon leurs especes.
Et Dieu fit le firmament et separa les eaux.
Et Dieu les benit en disant soyez fertiles et multipliez et remplissez les eaux dans les mers.
Et Dieu les benit et Dieu leur dit soyez fertiles et multipliez et remplissez la terre.
Et Dieu les plaça dans le firmament des cieux pour eclairer la terre.
Et Dieu parla a Noe en disant sors de l'arche toi et ta femme et tes fils et les femmes de tes fils avec toi.
Et Dieu parla a Noe et a ses fils avec lui en disant moi voici j'etablirai mon alliance avec vous et avec votre semence apres vous.
Et Dieu se souvint de Noe et de toutes les betes et de tout le betail qui etait avec lui dans l'arche et Dieu fit passer un vent sur la terre et les eaux se calmerent.
Et Dieu separa la lumiere d'avec les tenebres.
Et Dieu vit que c'etait bon.
Et Dieu vit que la lumiere etait bonne.
Et Dieu vit tout ce qu'il avait fait et voici c'etait vraiment bon.
Et du sol l'Eternel Dieu fit pousser toute arbre qui etait agreable a la vue et bon a manger.
Et du sol l'Eternel Dieu forma toute bete des champs et tout oiseau du ciel.
Et Ham le pere de Canaan vit la nudite de son pere et le dit a ses deux freres a l'exterieur.
Et il arriva a la fin de cent cinquante jours que l'arche reposa sur les montagnes d'Ararat.
Et il arriva apres les jours que l'Eternel fit pleuvoir sur la terre quarante jours et quarante nuits.
Et il arriva comme ils voyageaient depuis l'est qu'ils trouverent une plaine dans le pays de Sennaar et ils s'y etaблиrent.
Et il arriva la six centieme annee et un mois le premier jour du mois les eaux furent sechees de dessus la terre et Noe ota la couverture de l'arche et regarda et voici la face du sol etait seche.
Et il arrivera que lorsque je ferai venir un nuage sur la terre l'arc sera vu dans le nuage.
Et il attendit encore sept jours et de nouveau il envoya la colombe hors de l'arche.
Et il attendit encore sept jours et envoya la colombe et elle ne retourna plus vers lui.
Et il but du vin et s'enivra et il fut decouvert dans sa tente.
Et il dit a la femme oui Dieu a-t-il dit vous ne mangerez de tout arbre du jardin.
Et il dit benidit soit l'Eternel Dieu de Sem et Canaan sera son serviteur.
Et il dit j'ai entendu ta voix dans le jardin et j'ai eu peur parce que j'etais nu et je me suis cache.
Et il dit maudit soit Canaan il sera serviteur de serviteurs a ses freres.
Et il dit qui t'a dit que tu etais nu as-tu mange de l'arbre dont je t'avais commande que tu ne mangerais point.
Et il jugera entre les nations et il reprouvera beaucoup de peuples et ils frapperont leurs epées en socs de charrue et leurs lances en serpes une nation ne lèvera point l'epée contre une nation ni ils n'apprendront plus la guerre.
Et il les amena vers Adam pour voir comment il les nommerait et tout nom que Adam donna a tout etre vivant c'etait son nom.
Et il reposa le septieme jour de toute son oeuvre qu'il avait faite.
Et il y a trois qui portent temoignage sur la terre l'Esprit et l'eau et le sang et ces trois sont d'accord en un.
Et ils dirent allez batissons-nous une ville et une tour dont le sommet puisse atteindre aux cieux et faisons-nous un nom de peur d'etre repandus sur la face de toute la terre.
Et ils dirent l'un a l'autre allez fabriquons des briques et cuisons-les au feu et ils eurent la brique pour la pierre et le bitume ils l'eurent pour mortier.
Et ils entendirent la voix de l'Eternel Dieu se promenant dans le jardin au frais du jour.
Et ils etaient tous les deux nus l'homme et sa femme dans le jardin d'Eden et ils n'avaient point honte.
Et je me rejouirai a Jerusalem et j'aurai de l'allegresse en mon peuple et la voix des pleurs ne sera plus entendue en elle ni la voix des cris.
Et je me souviendrai de mon alliance qui est entre moi et vous et tout etre vivant de toute chair et les eaux ne deviendront plus un deluge pour detruire toute chair.
Et je mettrai hostilite entre toi et la femme et entre ta semence et sa semence.
Et j'etablirai mon alliance avec vous ni toute chair ne sera plus coupee par les eaux du deluge ni il n'y aura plus de deluge pour detruire la terre.
Et la colombe vint a lui vers le soir et voici une feuille d'olivier fraichement arrachee etait dans son bouche alors Noe sut que les eaux etaient diminuees de dessus la terre.
Et la cote que l'Eternel Dieu avait prise a l'homme il en fit une femme et il l'amena vers l'homme.
Et la crainte de vous et la terreur de vous seront sur toute bete de la terre et sur tout oiseau du ciel sur tout ce qui se meut sur la terre et sur tous les poissons de la mer en votre main ils sont delivres.
Et la femme dit au serpent nous pouvons manger du fruit des arbres du jardin.
Et la lumiere plus petite pour presider a la nuit et il fit aussi les etoiles.
Et la Parole fut faite chair et habita parmi nous et nous avons vu sa gloire la gloire comme du unique du Pere plein de grace et de verite.
Et la terre produisit de l'herbe et l'herbe portant de la graine selon son espece.
Et l'arbre produisant du fruit dont la graine etait en lui selon son espece.
Et l'arc sera dans le nuage et je le regarderai afin que je me souvienne de l'alliance eternelle entre Dieu et tout etre vivant de toute chair qui est sur la terre.
Et l'arche reposa le septieme mois le dix-septieme jour du mois reposa l'arche sur les montagnes d'Ararat.
Et le deluge fut quarante jours sur la terre et les eaux augmenterent et souleverent l'arche et elle fut elevee au-dessus de la terre.
Et le deuxieme mois le vingt-septieme jour du mois la terre fut sechee.
Et le nom du second fleuve est Gihon c'est celui qui entoure tout le pays de l'Ethiopie.
Et le nom du troisieme fleuve est Hiddekel c'est celui qui va vers l'est de l'Assyrie.
Et le pecheur etant age de cent ans sera maudit.
Et le quatrieme fleuve est l'Euphrate.
Et le septieme jour Dieu acheva son oeuvre qu'il avait faite.
Et le septieme jour il a repose et il a ete rafraichi.
Et le serpent dit a la femme vous ne mourrez point surement.
Et le serpent etait plus astucieux que toute bete des champs que l'Eternel Dieu avait faite.
Et le soir et le matin furent le cinquieme jour.
Et le soir et le matin furent le premier jour.
Et le soir et le matin furent le quatrieme jour.
Et le soir et le matin furent le second jour.
Et le soir et le matin furent le sixieme jour.
Et le soir et le matin furent le troisieme jour.
Et les eaux diminuerent continuellement jusqu'au dixieme mois le dixieme mois le premier jour du mois furent les sommets des montagnes vus.
Et les eaux regnerent cent cinquante jours sur la terre.
Et les eaux regnerent et furent augmentees grandement sur la terre et l'arche alla sur la surface des eaux.
Et les eaux regnerent excessivement sur la terre et toutes les hautes montagnes qui etaient sous tout le ciel furent couvertes.
Et les fils de Noe qui sortirent de l'arche furent Sem et Ham et Japhet et Ham est le pere de Canaan.
Et les sources du grand abime et les ecluses des cieux furent fermees et la pluie du ciel fut arretée.
Et les tenebres etaient a la surface de l'abime.
Et les yeux d'eux deux s'ouvriront et ils connurent qu'ils etaient nus et ils coudirent des feuilles de figuier et se firent des ceintures.
Et l'Esprit de Dieu se mouvait sur la surface des eaux.
Et l'Esprit est verite qui temoigne de Jesus et ces trois sont un.
Et l'Eternel descendit pour voir la ville et la tour que les enfants des hommes batisaient.
Et l'Eternel Dieu appela l'homme et lui dit ou es-tu.
Et l'Eternel Dieu commanda a l'homme en disant de tout arbre du jardin tu mangeras librement.
Et l'Eternel Dieu dit a la femme qu'est-ce que tu as fait et la femme dit le serpent m'a seduite et j'ai mange.
Et l'Eternel Dieu dit au serpent parce que tu as fait cela tu es maudit plus que tout betail et plus que toute bete des champs.
Et l'Eternel Dieu dit il n'est pas bon que l'homme soit seul je lui ferai une aide qui lui corresponde.
Et l'Eternel Dieu dit voici l'homme est devenu comme un de nous connaissant le bien et le mal et maintenant de peur qu'il ne tende sa main et ne prenne aussi de l'arbre de vie et ne mange et ne vive pour toujours.
Et l'Eternel Dieu fit tomber un profond sommeil sur Adam et il s'endormit et il prit une de ses cotes et referma la chair a la place.
Et l'Eternel Dieu forma l'homme a l'aide de la poussiere du sol et il insuffla dans ses narines un souffle de vie.
Et l'Eternel Dieu planta un jardin a l'est en Eden et la il mit l'homme qu'il avait forme.
Et l'Eternel Dieu prit l'homme et le mit dans le jardin d'Eden pour le cultiver et pour le garder.
Et l'Eternel dit entre toi et toute ta maison dans l'arche car toi je t'ai vu juste devant moi en cette generation.
Et l'Eternel dit voici le peuple est un et ils ont tous une meme langue et ceci ils commencent a faire et maintenant rien ne sera arrete pour eux de ce qu'ils ont imagine de faire.
Et l'Eternel sentit une bonne odeur et l'Eternel dit en son coeur je ne maudirai plus la terre a cause de l'homme car l'imagination du coeur de l'homme est mauvaise des sa jeunesse ni je ne frapperai plus jamais toute chose vivante comme je l'ai fait.
Et l'homme devint un etre vivant.
Et l'homme dit la femme que tu as mise pres de moi elle m'a donne de l'arbre et j'ai mange.
Et l'homme et sa femme se cacherent de la presence de l'Eternel Dieu au milieu des arbres du jardin.
Et l'oiseau qui peut voler au-dessus de la terre dans le firmament ouvert des cieux.
Et l'or de ce pays est bon la se trouve la bdellium et la pierre d'onix.
Et maintenant ma tete sera elevee au-dessus de mes ennemis tout autour de moi c'est pourquoi j'offrirai dans sa tente des sacrifices de joie je chanterai oui je chanterai des louanges a l'Eternel.
Et Noe bati un autel a l'Eternel et prit de tout animal pur et de tout oiseau pur et offrit des holocaustes sur l'autel.
Et Noe commença a etre cultivateur et il planta une vigne.
Et Noe envoya un corbeau et il sortit allant et venant jusqu'a ce que les eaux furent sechees de dessus la terre.
Et Noe fit selon tout ce que l'Eternel lui avait commande.
Et Noe s'eveilla de son vin et sut ce que son fils plus jeune lui avait fait.
Et Noe sortit et ses fils et sa femme et les femmes de ses fils avec lui.
Et Noe vecut apres le deluge trois cents cinquante ans.
Et pour les saisons et pour les jours et les annees.
Et pour presider sur le jour et sur la nuit et pour separer la lumiere d'avec les tenebres.
Et prends-toi de toute nourriture qui se mange et rassemble-la chez toi et elle sera pour nourriture pour toi et pour eux.
Et quand la femme vit que l'arbre etait bon a manger et qu'il etait agreable aux yeux et que l'arbre etait desireable pour atteindre a la sagesse.
Et que la terre seche paraisse et cela fut ainsi.
Et que les oiseaux multiplient sur la terre.
Et qu'elles soient pour des lumieres dans le firmament des cieux pour eclairer la terre.
Et quelque chose que nous demandions nous le recevons de lui parce que nous gardons ses commandements et que nous faisons les choses qui sont agreables a ses yeux.
Et quiconque a cette esperance en lui se purifie meme comme il est pur.
Et qu'il separe les eaux d'avec les eaux.
Et qu'ils dominent sur les poissons de la mer et sur les oiseaux du ciel.
Et Sem et Japhet prirent un vetement et le poserent sur leurs deux epaules et allerent a reculons et couvrirent la nudite de leur pere et leurs visages etaient tournes en arriere et ils ne virent point la nudite de leur pere.
Et si nous savons qu'il nous entend quelque chose que nous demandions nous savons que nous avons les petitions que nous lui avons demande.
Et soumettez-la et dominez sur les poissons de la mer et sur les oiseaux du ciel.
Et sur le betail et sur toute la terre et sur tout etre rampant qui rampe sur la terre.
Et sur tout etre vivant qui se meut sur la terre.
Et ton desir sera vers ton mari et lui dominera sur toi.
Et tous les jours de Noe furent neuf cents cinquante ans et il mourut.
Et tout arbre dans lequel est du fruit d'arbre produisant de la graine a vous ce sera pour nourriture.
Et tout esprit qui ne confesse point que Jesus Christ est venu en chair n'est point de Dieu et c'est la cet esprit d'antechrist dont vous avez entendu qu'il devait venir et meme maintenant deja il est dans le monde.
Et tout oiseau aile selon son espece et Dieu vit que c'etait bon.
Et toute chair mourut qui se mouvait sur la terre tant des oiseaux que du betail et des betes et de tout etre rampant qui rampe sur la terre et tout homme.
Et toute chose qui rampe sur la terre selon son espece.
Et toute la terre avait une meme langue et les memes paroles.
Et toute plante des champs avant qu'elle fut sur la terre et toute herbe des champs avant qu'elle ne poussat.
Et toute substance vivante fut detruite qui etait sur la face du sol tant l'homme que le betail et les etres rampants et les oiseaux du ciel et ils furent detruits de la terre et Noe seul resta et ceux qui etaient avec lui dans l'arche.
Et tu aimeras l'Eternel ton Dieu de tout ton coeur et de toute ton ame et de toute ta force.
Et tu les ecriras sur les poteaux de ta maison et sur tes portes.
Et tu les enseigneras soigneusement a tes enfants et tu en parleras quand tu seras assis dans ta maison et quand tu marcheras en chemin et quand tu te coucheras et quand tu te leveras.
Et tu les lieras comme signe sur ta main et elles seront comme frontales entre tes yeux.
Et un fleuve sortait d'Eden pour arroser le jardin et de la il se divisait et devenait quatre têtes.
Et voici comment tu la feras de longueur de trois cents coudées de largeur de cinquante coudées et de hauteur de trente coudées.
Et voici je vais faire venir un deluge d'eaux sur la terre pour detruire toute chair dans laquelle est le souffle de vie sous le ciel et toute chose qui est sur la terre mourra.
Et vous savez qu'il a ete manifeste pour oter nos peches et il n'y a point de peche en lui.
Et vous soyez fertiles et multipliez pullulez abondamment sur la terre et multipliez-y.
Every beast every creeping thing and every fowl and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth after their families went forth out of the ark.
Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you as the green herb I have given you everything.
Fais sortir avec toi tout etre vivant qui est avec toi de toute chair tant des oiseaux que du betail et de tout etre rampant qui rampe sur la terre afin qu'ils pullulent sur la terre et qu'ils soient fertiles et qu'ils multiplient sur la terre.
Fait toi une arche de bois de gopher tu feras des chambres dans l'arche et tu la couvriras de poix dedans et dehors.
Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail and the mountains were covered.
For by grace are ye saved through faith and that not of yourselves it is the gift of God.
For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof then your eyes shall be opened and ye shall be as gods knowing good and evil.
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through him might be saved.
For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son.
For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.
For I know the plans I have for you declares the Lord plans to prosper you and not to harm you plans to give you hope and a future.
For I the Lord thy God hold the right hand of Jacob and to him I will say fear not my servant Jacob and Israel whom I have chosen.
For I will comfort thee yea I will comfort thee as a mother comforteth her child so will I comfort thee and thou shalt be comforted in Jerusalem.
For I will create new heavens and a new earth and the former shall not be remembered nor come into mind.
For I will not contend with you forever neither will I be always wroth for the spirit should fail before me and the souls which I have made.
For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty and floods upon the dry ground I will pour my spirit upon thy seed and my blessing upon thine offspring.
For if our heart condemn us yet God is greater than our heart and knoweth all things.
For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth.
For in six days the Lord made the heavens and the earth.
For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me he shall set me up upon a rock.
For our heart shall rejoice in him because we have trusted in his holy name.
For the froward is abomination to the Lord but secret is he with the righteous.
For the Lord blessed the sabbath day and hallowed it.
For the Lord God had not caused it to rain upon the earth and there was not a man to till the ground.
For the Lord our God is a God of salvation and unto the God of Israel are gatherings of shame forever.
For the Lord thy God is a merciful God he will not leave thee nor destroy thee nor forget the covenant of thy fathers which he sware unto them.
For the righteous runneth on when his strength faileth but the wicked shall fall by evil.
For the righteous shall inherit the land and dwell therein forever.
For the righteous shall never be moved he shall be in everlasting remembrance.
For the sins of their covetousness and their backslidings was I wroth and I smote them and I hid me and was wroth and they went backward and corrupted their own ways.
For the wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.
For there are three that bear record in heaven the Father the Word and the Holy Ghost and these three are one.
For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments and his commandments are not grievous.
For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning that we should love one another.
For thou hast forsaken the works of the Lord and hast not remembered the mountain of thy strength.
For we are his workmanship created in Christ Jesus unto good works which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.
For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world and this is the victory that overcometh the world even our faith.
For with fire and with his sword will the Lord plead with all flesh and the slain of the Lord shall be many.
For yet seven days and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.
Gloire a Dieu dans les hauteurs.
Glory to God in the highest.
Go to let us go down and there confound their language that they may not understand one another's speech.
God is love.
God shall enlarge Japheth and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem and Canaan shall be his servant.
Greater love hath no man than this that a man lay down his life for his friends.
Having many things to write unto you I would not write with paper and ink but I trust to write unto you upon the table of your hearts.
He giveth more abundance than bread and water he giveth strength unto the weak.
He made known his ways unto Moses his works unto the children of Israel.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures he leadeth me beside the still waters.
He putteth his hand to his mouth perhaps there is hope.
He putteth his mouth in the dust perhaps there is hope.
He restoreth my soul he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.
He shall judge the world in righteousness and the people with equity.
He sitteth alone and keepeth silence because he hath borne it upon himself.
He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life but the wrath of God abideth on him.
He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life.
He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself he that believeth not God hath made him a liar because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son.
He that committeth sin is of the devil for the devil sinneth from the beginning and for this purpose the Son of God was manifested that he might destroy the works of the devil.
He that hath the Son hath life and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.
Hear O Israel the Lord our God is one Lord.
Hear O Lord when I cry with my voice have mercy also upon me and answer me.
Heaven and earth shall pass away but my words shall not pass away.
Hereby know ye the Spirit of God every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God.
Hereby perceived we love because he laid down his life for us and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.
Heureux les pauvres en car le royaume des cieux est a eux.
Heureux l'homme qui considere le pauvre l'Eternel le delivrera au temps de la difficulte.
Heureux l'homme qui craint l'Eternel qui prend grand plaisir dans ses commandements.
Heureux l'homme qui se confie en l'Eternel.
Hide not thy face far from me put not thy servant away in anger thou hast been my help leave me not neither forsake me O God of my salvation.
His eyes are upon them that fear him and upon them that hope in his mercy.
His glory endureth forever and his kingdom ruleth over all nations.
His seed shall be mighty upon earth the generation of the righteous shall be blessed.
Holy holy holy Lord God Almighty.
Holy is the Lord your God who hath power to save and he will save thee.
Honore ton pere et ta mere.
Honour thy father and thy mother.
I am the light of the world.
I am the way the truth and the life.
I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
I do set my bow in the cloud and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
I had fainted unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living.
I have seen their ways and will heal them I will also lead them and restore comfort unto them and to their mourners.
I the Lord do keep it I will hasten it the time is come and the day is near that I will create Jerusalem a rejoicing and her people a joy.
I will create the fruits of the lips righteousness the Lord God will create it upon us.
If God be for us who can be against us.
If there come any unto you and bring not this doctrine receive him not into your house neither bid him God speed.
If we receive the witness of men the witness of God is greater for this is the witness of God which he hath testified of his Son.
If ye know that he is righteous ye know that every one that doeth righteousness is born of him.
Il a fait connaitre ses voies a Moise ses oeuvres aux enfants d'Israel.
Il arrivera dans les derniers jours que la montagne de la maison de l'Eternel sera etablie au sommet des montagnes et sera elevee au-dessus des collines et toutes les nations y couleront.
Il envoya aussi une colombe de pres de lui pour voir si les eaux etaient diminuees de dessus la face du sol.
Il jugera le monde en justice et le peuple avec equite.
Il me fait reposer dans de verts pacages il me mene au bord des eaux tranquilles.
Il n'y a point de crainte dans l'amour au contraire l'amour parfait chasse la crainte.
Il n'y a point de parole ni de langage ou leur voix ne soit entendue.
Il n'y a point d'integrite dans le mechante mais le juste ne sera jamais ebranle.
Il n'y aura plus de la un enfant de jours ni un vieillard qui n'ait pas rempli ses jours car l'enfant mourra age de cent ans.
Il ranime mon ame il me mene dans les sentiers de la justice a cause de son nom.
Ils battront des maisons et les habiteront ils planteront des vignes et mangeront le fruit d'elles.
Ils ne battront point et un autre n'habitera ils ne planteront point et un autre ne mangera car la vie de mon peuple sera comme la vie d'un arbre et mes elects jouiront longtemps de l'oeuvre de leurs mains.
Ils ne craindront point les mauvaises nouvelles car leur coeur est ferme confiant en l'Eternel.
Ils ne travailleront point en vain ni ne donneront naissance a la peine car ils sont la semence du benidit de l'Eternel et leur posterite avec eux.
Ils parleront de la gloire de ton royaume et diront ta puissance.
Ils sont du monde c'est pourquoi ils parlent du monde et le monde les ecoute.
In it thou shalt not do any work.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth and the earth was without form and void.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word was God.
In the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens.
In the day therefore shalt thou plant thy planting and shalt set it but shalt remove it in the morning of thy goodly deed it shall wholly dry up yea it shall have a deadly breath sickness of the heart.
In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread till thou return unto the ground for out of it wast thou taken for dust thou art and unto dust shalt thou return.
It is finished.
It is good for a man that he bear the yoke in his youth.
It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord.
It shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel.
It shall come to pass in the last days that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains and shall be exalted above the hills and all nations shall flow unto it.
J'ai vu leurs voies et je les guerirai je les conduirai aussi et je restaurerai le repos a eux et a leurs deplorables.
J'aurais echoue si je n'avais pas cru voir la bonte de l'Eternel dans le pays des vivants.
Je creerai les fruits des levres la justice l'Eternel Dieu la creer sur nous.
Je mets mon arc dans le nuage et il sera pour signe d'une alliance entre moi et la terre.
Je puis toutes choses par celui qui me fortifie.
Je suis la lumiere du monde.
Je suis le chemin la verite et la vie.
Je vous donne un nouveau commandement c'est que vous vous aimiez les uns les autres.
Jesus Christ est le Fils de Dieu le vrai Dieu et la vie eternelle.
Jesus Christ est le Fils de Dieu.
Jesus Christ is the Son of God the true God and eternal life.
Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
Jesus leur dit je suis la porte des brebis.
Jesus leur dit je suis la racine et la posterite de David.
Jesus leur dit je suis la resurrection et la vie.
Jesus leur dit je suis la vigne veritable.
Jesus leur dit je suis l'alpha et l'omega.
Jesus leur dit je suis l'Amen.
Jesus leur dit je suis le bon berger.
Jesus leur dit je suis le commencement et la fin.
Jesus leur dit je suis le pain de vie.
Jesus leur dit je suis le premier et le dernier.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi d'amour.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de connaissance.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de foi.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de force.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de gloire.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de grace.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de justice.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de lumiere.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de misericorde.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de paix.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de puissance.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de purete.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de sagesse.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de saintete.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de triomphe.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de verite.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de victoire.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi de vie.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi des rois.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi d'esperance.
Jesus leur dit je suis le roi d'intelligence.
Jesus leur dit je suis le seigneur des seigneurs.
Jesus leur dit je suis le souverain des rois.
Jesus leur dit je suis le temoin fidele et veritable.
Jesus leur dit je suis l'etoile du matin.
Jesus pleura.
Jesus said unto them I am the alpha and the omega.
Jesus said unto them I am the Amen.
Jesus said unto them I am the beginning and the end.
Jesus said unto them I am the bread of life.
Jesus said unto them I am the bright and morning star.
Jesus said unto them I am the door of the sheep.
Jesus said unto them I am the faithful and true witness.
Jesus said unto them I am the first and the last.
Jesus said unto them I am the good shepherd.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of faith.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and might and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and might and victory and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and might and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and power.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and majesty.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and power.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of grace.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of holiness.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of hope.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of justice.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of kings.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of knowledge.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of life.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of light.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of love.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of mercy.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of peace.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of power.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of purity.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of righteousness.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of truth.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of understanding.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of wisdom.
Jesus said unto them I am the lord of lords.
Jesus said unto them I am the resurrection and the life.
Jesus said unto them I am the root and the offspring of David.
Jesus said unto them I am the ruler of kings.
Jesus said unto them I am the true vine.
Jesus wept.
Keep not back good from them to whom it is due when it is in the power of thine hand to do it.
La charite est longue et patiente la charite est pleine de bonte.
La charite ne fait rien qui ne soit honnete elle ne cherche point ses interesses.
La charite ne jalouse point elle ne se vante point elle ne se gonfle point d'orgueil.
La charite ne perit jamais et si il y a des propheties elles seront aneanties et si il y a des langues elles cesseront et si il y a des sciences elles seront aneanties.
La charite ne se irrite point elle ne pense point le mal.
La charite ne se rejouit point de l'iniquite mais elle se rejouit avec la verite.
La charite supporte toutes choses elle croit toutes choses elle espere toutes choses elle souffre toutes choses.
La colere de l'Eternel est contre les mechants chaque jour afin qu'il puisse soutenir sa cause contre ses ennemis.
La crainte de l'Eternel est le commencement de la sagesse.
La crainte de l'Eternel prolonge les jours mais les annees des mechants seront raccourcies.
La face de l'Eternel est contre ceux qui font le mal pour extirper le souvenir d'eux de la terre.
La foi c'est croire et ce qu'on desire recevoir.
La foi est une assurance des choses qu'on espere une demonstration de celles qu'on ne voit point.
La foi vient de l'ouïe et l'ouïe par la parole de Dieu.
La mer et tout ce qu'ils contiennent et le troisieme jour il a repose.
L'arbre de vie egalement au milieu du jardin et l'arbre de la connaissance du bien et du mal.
Le betail la bete rampante et la bete de la terre selon son espece et cela fut ainsi.
Le desir de ceux qui le craignent il l'entendra aussi et il les delivrera.
Le jour parle au jour et la nuit manifeste a la nuit la connaissance.
Le jour que l'Eternel Dieu fit la terre et les cieux.
Le juste crie et l'Eternel entend et le delivre de toutes ses difficultes.
Le juste est delivre de la difficulte et le mechante vient a sa place.
Le juste est une lampe dont la lumiere est bonne mais la lampe du mechante sera eteinte.
Le juste homme marche dans son integrite ses enfants sont benidis apres lui.
Le juste ne sera jamais ebranle et le juste sera en souvenir eternel.
Le nom du premier est Pison c'est celui qui entoure tout le pays de Havila ou il y a de l'or.
Le salaire du peche c'est la mort mais le don gratuit de Dieu c'est la vie eternelle.
Le Seigneur est mon berger il ne me manquera rien.
Le Seigneur est un nom de force le juste courra vers lui et sera en securite.
Les afflictions du juste sont nombreuses mais l'Eternel le delivre de toutes.
Les cieux declarent la gloire de Dieu et le firmament montre son oeuvre des mains.
Les cieux et la terre passeront mais mes paroles ne passeront point.
Les yeux de l'Eternel sont sur les justes et ses oreilles sont ouvertes a leur cri.
L'espoir du juste sera une joie mais l'attente des mechants perira.
Let the wicked cease from evil and let the unrighteous man direct his ways unto the Lord and he will have mercy upon him and he will abound to pardon him.
Let there be light.
Let thy mercy O Lord be upon us according as we hope in thee.
L'Eternel a donne l'Eternel a ote.
L'Eternel a etabli Sion et il apparaitra dans sa gloire.
L'Eternel a ordonne le nombre des enfants d'Israel et il connait celui qui est assis seul.
L'Eternel connait les jours des integres et leur heritage sera pour jamais.
L'Eternel Dieu le chassa donc du jardin d'Eden afin qu'il cultivat le sol d'ou il avait ete pris.
L'Eternel entend le pauvre et epargne ses saints mais ils sont delivres de la main des mechants.
L'Eternel est bon a tous et ses misericordes sont sur toutes ses oeuvres.
L'Eternel est bon pour ceux qui l'attendent.
L'Eternel est bon une forteresse au jour de la detresse.
L'Eternel est connu par le jugement qu'il execute le mechante est pris dans l'oeuvre de ses propres mains.
L'Eternel est juste dans toutes ses voies et saint dans toutes ses oeuvres.
L'Eternel est juste dans toutes ses voies.
L'Eternel est juste il coupe les puissants.
L'Eternel est la part de mon heritage et de ma coupe.
L'Eternel est ma force et mon bouclier.
L'Eternel est ma lumiere et mon salut de qui aurais-je a craindre l'Eternel est la force de ma vie de qui aurais-je a craindre.
L'Eternel est ma lumiere et mon salut de qui aurais-je a craindre.
L'Eternel est ma lumiere et mon salut.
L'Eternel est ma part dit mon ame aussi j'espere en lui.
L'Eternel est ma roche et ma forteresse et mon liberateur.
L'Eternel est miséricordieux et compatissant abondant en misericorde et en verite.
L'Eternel est miséricordieux et compatissant lent a la colere et riche en bonte et en verite.
L'Eternel est miséricordieux et compatissant lent a la colere et riche en bonte.
L'Eternel est miséricordieux et compatissant.
L'Eternel est mon berger il ne me manquera rien.
L'Eternel est pres de ceux qui ont le coeur brise et il sauve ceux qui ont l'esprit contrit.
L'Eternel est pres de ceux qui ont le coeur brise.
L'Eternel est pres de tous ceux qui l'appellent de tous ceux qui l'appellent en verite.
L'Eternel est roi.
L'Eternel est un bouclier pour eux.
L'Eternel est un Dieu puissant.
L'Eternel est un juge au milieu de toi.
L'Eternel est un lieu de vastes demeures.
L'Eternel est un pere pour ceux qui n'ont pas de pere.
L'Eternel est un pere pour les orphelins.
L'Eternel est un pere pour les pupilles.
L'Eternel est un refuge pour les opprimes.
L'Eternel est un roi eternel.
L'Eternel est un roi juste.
L'Eternel est un roi pour jamais.
L'Eternel est un roi puissant et fort.
L'Eternel est un roi qui garde.
L'Eternel est un roi qui gouverne.
L'Eternel est un roi qui guerit.
L'Eternel est un roi qui juge.
L'Eternel est un roi qui opere.
L'Eternel est un roi qui pourvoit.
L'Eternel est un roi qui protege.
L'Eternel est un roi qui rachete.
L'Eternel est un roi qui regne.
L'Eternel est un roi qui restaure.
L'Eternel est un roi qui sauve.
L'Eternel est un roi qui soutient.
L'Eternel est un roi qui veille.
L'Eternel est un roi qui vit.
L'Eternel est un roi terrible parmi les nations.
L'Eternel est un soleil et un bouclier.
L'Eternel est une roche des ages.
L'Eternel execute la justice et le jugement pour tous ceux qui sont opprimes.
L'Eternel preserve tous ceux qui l'aiment mais tous les mechants il les detruira.
L'Eternel rachete l'ame de ses serviteurs et aucun de ceux qui confient en lui ne sera desherite.
L'Eternel regarda la terre et voici elle etait corrompue car toute chair avait corrompu sa voie sur la terre.
L'Eternel ton Dieu est au milieu de toi un heroe qui sauve.
L'Eternel votre Dieu est Dieu des dieux et Seigneur des seigneurs le grand Dieu le puissant et le terrible qui n'egard point les personnes ni ne prend de present.
Leur coeur est etabli ils ne craindront point jusqu'a ce qu'ils voient leur desire.
Leur ligne est allee a travers toute la terre et leurs paroles jusqu'aux confins du monde.
L'herbe portant de la graine et l'arbre fruitier produisant du fruit selon son espece.
L'homme ne vivra pas de pain seulement.
Little children abide in him that when he shall appear we may have confidence and not be ashamed of him at his coming.
Little children keep yourselves from idols fare ye well.
Little children let no man deceive you he that doeth righteousness is righteous even as he is righteous.
Louez l'Eternel.
Love thy neighbour as thyself.
Maintenant donc demeurent la foi l'esperance et la charite ces trois-la et la plus grande de celles-la c'est la charite.
Maintenant nous voyons comme dans un miroir d'une maniere obscure mais alors face a face maintenant je connais en partie mais alors je connaîtrai comme j'ai ete connu.
Mais avec toi j'etablirai mon alliance et tu entreras dans l'arche toi et tes fils et ta femme et les femmes de tes fils avec toi.
Mais ceux qui s'attendent a l'Eternel renouvellent leur force.
Mais de l'arbre de la connaissance du bien et du mal tu n'en mangeras point car le jour ou tu en mangeras.
Mais du fruit de l'arbre qui est au milieu du jardin Dieu a dit vous n'en mangerez point.
Mais la chair avec sa vie qui est son sang vous ne la mangerez point.
Mais la colombe ne trouva point de repos pour la plante de son pied et elle retourna vers lui dans l'arche car les eaux etaient sur la face de toute la terre alors il tendit sa main et la prit et la retira vers lui dans l'arche.
Mais le septieme jour est le sabbat de l'Eternel ton Dieu.
Mais Noe trouva grace aux yeux de l'Eternel.
Mais pour Adam on ne trouva point d'aide qui lui corresponde.
Mais quand ce qui est parfait sera venu ce qui est en partie sera aneanti.
Mais quiconque a les biens de ce monde et voit son frere avoir besoin et ferme ses viscères de compassion contre lui comment l'amour de Dieu demeure-t-il en lui.
Mais une vapeur montait de la terre et arrosait toute la surface du sol.
Make thee an ark of gopher wood rooms shalt thou make the ark and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.
Male and female created he them.
Male et femelle il les crea.
Man shall not live by bread alone.
Many are the afflictions of the righteous but the Lord delivereth him out of them all.
Marvel not my brethren if the world hate you.
Mes petits enfants aimons non en parole ni de langue mais en oeuvr et en verite.
Moi l'Eternel je la garde je l'accelererai le temps est venu et le jour est proche que je creerai Jerusalem une joie et son peuple une allegresse.
Mon ame louera l'Eternel car il m'a console.
My little children let us not love in word neither in tongue but in deed and in truth.
My soul shall praise the Lord for he hath comforted me.
Ne cache point ta face loin de moi n'eloigne point ton serviteur en colere tu as ete mon aide ne me laisse point ni ne me abandonne o Dieu de mon salut.
Ne dispute point avec un homme sans cause s'il ne t'a fait aucun mal.
Ne envie point l'opprime et ne choisis aucune de ses voies.
Ne me livre point a la volonte de mes ennemis car de faux temoins se sont leves contre moi et ceux qui soufflent la cruautée.
Ne medite point le mal contre ton prochain voyant qu'il habite en securite pres de toi.
Ne retiens point le bien de ceux a qui il est du lorsque c'est au pouvoir de ta main de le faire.
Ne vous etonnez point mes freres si le monde vous hait.
Neither shall ye touch it lest ye die.
Non comme Cain qui etait de ce mechante et tua son frere et pourquoi le tua-t-il parce que ses propres oeuvres etaient mechantes et celles de son frere justes.
Non pas par les oeuvres afin que personne ne se glorifie.
Not as Cain who was of that wicked one and slew his brother and wherefore slew he him because his own works were evil and his brother's righteous.
Not of works lest any man should boast.
Notre ame attend l'Eternel il est notre aide et notre bouclier.
Nous savons que nous sommes passes de la mort a la vie parce que nous aimons les freres celui qui n'aime point son frere demeure dans la mort.
Nous savons que toutes choses concourent au bien de ceux qui aiment Dieu.
Nous sommes de Dieu celui qui connait Dieu nous ecoute celui qui n'est point de Dieu n'ecoute point nous a ceci nous connaissons l'esprit de verite et l'esprit d'erreur.
Now therefore fear the Lord and serve him in sincerity and in faithfulness and get you from under the arm of the gods of your fathers and serve the Lord.
O comme ta bonte est grande que tu as reserve a ceux qui te craignent.
O give thanks unto the Lord for he is good.
O house of Jacob come ye and let us walk in the light of the Lord.
O how great is thy goodness which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee.
O Israel l'Eternel notre Dieu est un seul Seigneur.
O maison de Jacob venez et marchons a la lumiere de l'Eternel.
Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens the male and his female and of beasts that are not clean by two the male and his female.
Of fowls after their kind and of cattle after their kind of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind two of every sort shall come unto thee to keep them alive.
Of fowls also of the heaven by sevens the male and the female to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.
One shall say I am the Lord's and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob and another shall subscribe with his hand unto the Lord and surname himself by the name of Israel.
One thing have I desired of the Lord that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to enquire in his temple.
Oui quoique je marche dans la vallee de l'ombre de la mort je ne craindrai point de mal car tu es avec moi ton baton et ta baguette ils me consolent.
Our soul waiteth for the Lord he is our help and our shield.
Personne n'a un plus grand amour que celui de donner sa vie pour ses amis.
Petits enfants demeurez en lui afin que lorsque il paraitra nous ayons de la confiance et que nous ne soyons point confondus par lui a sa venue.
Petits enfants gardez-vous des idoles adieu.
Petits enfants que personne ne vous seduise celui qui fait la justice est juste meme comme il est juste.
Pour delivrer leur ame de la mort et les conserver en vie dans la famine.
Pour faire connaitre ses oeuvres puissantes aux fils des hommes et la gloire du royaume de sa puissance.
Pour l'integre il se leve une lumiere dans les tenebres pour le misericordieux et le compatissant et le juste.
Pour separer le jour d'avec la nuit et qu'elles soient pour des signes.
Praise ye the Lord.
Quand j'etais enfant je parlais comme un enfant je pensais comme un enfant je raisonnais comme un enfant mais quand je suis devenu homme j'ai aneanti les choses de l'enfant.
Quand le juste crie l'Eternel entend et le delivre de toutes ses difficultes.
Quand les mechants meme mes ennemis et mes adversaires sont venus sur moi pour manger ma chair ils sont trébuche et sont tombes.
Quand mon pere et ma mere m'abandonnent alors l'Eternel me recueillera.
Quand tu as dit cherchez ma face mon coeur t'a dit ta face Eternel je chercherai.
Que la lumiere soit faite.
Que le mechante cesse du mal et que l'inique dirige ses voies vers l'Eternel et il aura misericorde de lui et il abondera a le pardonner.
Que les eaux produisirent abondamment selon leurs especes.
Que l'Eternel te benisse et te garde.
Que ta misericorde Eternel soit sur nous selon que nous esperons en toi.
Qui est celui qui surmonte le monde sinon celui qui croit que Jesus est le Fils de Dieu.
Qui pardonne toutes tes iniquites qui guerit toutes tes maladies.
Qui rachete ta vie de la destruction qui te couronne de bonte et de misericorde.
Qui satisfait ta bouche de bonnes choses de sorte que ta jeunesse est renouvelee comme celle de l'aigle.
Quiconque commet le peche commet aussi la transgression de la loi car le peche est la transgression de la loi.
Quiconque croit que Jesus est le Christ est ne de Dieu et quiconque aime celui qui a engendre aime aussi celui qui est engendre.
Quiconque demeure en lui ne peche point quiconque peche ne l'a pas vu ni ne l'a connu.
Quiconque est ne de Dieu ne commet point de peche car sa semence demeure en lui et il ne peut pecher parce qu'il est ne de Dieu.
Quiconque hait son frere est un meurtrier et vous savez qu'aucun meurtrier n'a la vie eternelle demeurant en lui.
Quiconque repand le sang de l'homme par l'homme son sang sera repandu car a l'image de Dieu il a fait l'homme.
Quiconque transgresse et ne demeure point dans la doctrine de Christ n'a point Dieu celui qui demeure dans la doctrine de Christ il a le Pere et le Fils.
Quinze coudées vers le haut regnerent les eaux et les montagnes furent couvertes.
Qu'une armee campe contre moi mon coeur ne craindra point quoique la guerre s'eleve contre moi en ceci je serai confident.
Remember the sabbath day to keep it holy.
Rendez graces a l'Eternel car il est bon.
Rendons graces a Dieu en toutes choses.
Repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Richesses et biens seront dans sa maison et sa justice dure pour jamais.
Sa semence sera puissante sur la terre la generation des justes sera benidite.
Saint saint saint est l'Eternel Dieu tout-puissant.
Sans la foi il est impossible de plaire a Dieu.
Ses yeux sont sur ceux qui le craignent et sur ceux qui esperent en sa misericorde.
She took of the fruit thereof and did eat and gave also unto her husband with her and he did eat.
Si Dieu est pour nous qui sera contre nous.
Si nous recevons le temoignage des hommes le temoignage de Dieu est plus grand car c'est la le temoignage de Dieu qu'il a temoigne de son Fils.
Si vous savez qu'il est juste vous savez que quiconque fait la justice est ne de lui.
S'il vient quelqu'un a vous et n'apporte point cette doctrine ne le recevez point dans votre maison ni ne lui dites Dieu vous salue.
Six days shalt thou labour and do all thy work.
Six jours tu travailleras et tu feras tout ton oeuvre.
So God created man in his own image in the image of God created he him.
So he drove out the man and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims and a flaming sword which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life.
So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth and they left off to build the city.
Sois fort et courageux ne crains point car l'Eternel ton Dieu est avec toi.
Souviens toi du jour de sabbat pour le sanctifier.
Strive not with a man without cause if he have done thee no harm.
Sur ton ventre tu marcheras et de la poussiere tu mangeras tous les jours de ta vie.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.
Surement la bonte et la misericorde me suivront tous les jours de ma vie et j'habiterai dans la maison de l'Eternel pour jamais.
Tais toi et sache que je suis Dieu.
Tant que la terre durera la semence et la moisson le froid et la chaleur l'ete et l'hiver le jour et la nuit ne cesseront point.
Teach me thy way O Lord and lead me in a plain path because of mine enemies.
Thanksgiving unto God for all things.
The desire of them that fear him he will hear also and will deliver them.
The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous and his ears are open unto their cry.
The face of the Lord is against them that do evil to root out the memory of them from the earth.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
The fear of the Lord prolongeth days but the years of the wicked shall be shortened.
The heavens declare the glory of God and the firmament sheweth his handywork.
The herb yielding seed and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind.
The hope of the righteous shall be gladness but the expectation of the wicked shall perish.
The Lord bless thee and keep thee.
The Lord executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.
The Lord gave and the Lord hath taken away.
The Lord goeth forth as a mighty man he stirreth up fury even as a man of war he crieth yea he shouteth he shall prevail against his enemies.
The Lord hath established Zion and he shall appear in his glory.
The Lord hath ordained the number of the children of Israel and knoweth him that sitteth alone.
The Lord heareth the poor and spareth his saints but they are delivered out of the hand of the wicked.
The Lord is a father to the fatherless.
The Lord is a father to the orphans.
The Lord is a father to them that have no father.
The Lord is a judge in the midst of thee.
The Lord is a king eternal.
The Lord is a king forever.
The Lord is a king mighty and strong.
The Lord is a king righteous.
The Lord is a king terrible among the nations.
The Lord is a king that healeth.
The Lord is a king that judgeth.
The Lord is a king that keepeth.
The Lord is a king that liveth.
The Lord is a king that protecteth.
The Lord is a king that provideth.
The Lord is a king that redeemeth.
The Lord is a king that reigneth.
The Lord is a king that restoreth.
The Lord is a king that ruleth.
The Lord is a king that saveth.
The Lord is a king that sustaineth.
The Lord is a king that watcheth.
The Lord is a king that worketh.
The Lord is a king that zeecheth.
The Lord is a mighty God.
The Lord is a name of strength the righteous shall run unto it and be safe.
The Lord is a place of broad rooms.
The Lord is a refuge for the oppressed.
The Lord is a rock of ages.
The Lord is a shield unto them.
The Lord is a sun and shield.
The Lord is good a strong hold in the day of trouble.
The Lord is good to all and his tender mercies are over all his works.
The Lord is good unto them that wait for him to the soul that seeketh him.
The Lord is good unto them that wait for him.
The Lord is gracious and merciful long suffering and of great kindness.
The Lord is king forever and ever Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Sel
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Hallelujah Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Selah.
The Lord is king forever prepare the praise unto God even upon the bucklers.
The Lord is king of all nations his glory is above the heavens.
The Lord is king of all the deserts sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the earth sing ye praises with understanding.
The Lord is king of all the floods sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the heavens sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the hills sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the mountains sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the plains sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the rivers sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the sea sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the valleys sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth and all that is therein and all that is thereon and all that is thereunder and all that is therein and thereon and thereunder sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth and all that is therein and all that is thereon and all that is thereunder sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth and all that is therein and all that is thereon sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth and all that is therein sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the world sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king.
The Lord is known by the judgment which he executeth the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands.
The Lord is merciful and gracious abundant in mercy and truth.
The Lord is merciful and gracious long suffering and plenteous in mercy and truth.
The Lord is merciful and gracious.
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear the Lord is the strength of my life of whom shall I be afraid.
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear.
The Lord is my light and my salvation.
The Lord is my portion said my soul therefore will I hope in him.
The Lord is my portion.
The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer.
The Lord is my rock.
The Lord is my salvation.
The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want.
The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
The Lord is my shield.
The Lord is my strength and my shield.
The Lord is my strength.
The Lord is my tower.
The Lord is my watchtower.
The Lord is my way.
The Lord is my wisdom.
The Lord is my wonder.
The Lord is my wonderful counselor.
The Lord is my wonderful guide.
The Lord is my wonderful healer.
The Lord is my wonderful helper.
The Lord is my wonderful keeper.
The Lord is my wonderful leader.
The Lord is my wonderful light.
The Lord is my wonderful love.
The Lord is my wonderful mercy.
The Lord is my wonderful peace.
The Lord is my wonderful power.
The Lord is my wonderful protector.
The Lord is my wonderful provider.
The Lord is my wonderful refuge.
The Lord is my wonderful rock.
The Lord is my wonderful salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful shepherd.
The Lord is my wonderful shield.
The Lord is my wonderful strength.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of knowledge.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of learning.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of life.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of light.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of love.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of mercy.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of peace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of protection.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of providence.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of redemption.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of restoration.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of sanctification.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and commandment.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and covenant.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and decree.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and gospel.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and judgment.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and justice.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and knowledge.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and law.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and ordinance.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and precept.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and promise.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and prophecy.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and revelation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and statute.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and testament.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and life.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and light.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and love.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and righteousness and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and righteousness and salvation and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and righteousness and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and peace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and peace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and understanding.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and wisdom.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of truth.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of understanding.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of wisdom.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher.
The Lord is my wonderful.
The Lord is my word.
The Lord is my worship.
The Lord is my worth.
The Lord is my worthy.
The Lord is near to the brokenhearted.
The Lord is near unto them that are of a broken heart.
The Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon him to all that call upon him in truth.
The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit.
The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart.
The Lord is right he cutteth off the mighty.
The Lord is righteous in all his ways and holy in all his works.
The Lord is righteous in all his ways.
The Lord is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup.
The Lord knoweth the days of the upright and their inheritance shall be forever.
The Lord looked upon the earth and behold it was corrupt for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.
The Lord preserveth all them that love him but all the wicked will he destroy.
The Lord redeemeth the soul of his servants and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate.
The Lord said let there be light and there was light.
The Lord shall utter his voice with his praise and the mighty of Israel shall sing.
The Lord thy God is in the midst of thee a mighty one that will save.
The Lord your God is God of gods and Lord of lords the great God the mighty and the terrible which regardeth not persons nor taketh reward.
The name of the first is Pison that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah where there is gold.
The righteous crieth and the Lord heareth and delivereth him out of all his troubles.
The righteous is a lamp whose light is good but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out.
The righteous is a lamp whose light is good but the wicked shall have his lamp put out.
The righteous is delivered out of trouble and the wicked cometh in his stead.
The righteous man walketh in his integrity his children are blessed after him.
The righteous shall never be moved and the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance.
The sea and all that in them is and on the third day he rested.
The tree of life also in the midst of the garden and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life.
The wrath of the Lord is against the wicked every day so that he may maintain his cause against his enemies.
Their heart is established they shall not be afraid till they behold their desire.
Their line is gone out through all the earth and their words to the end of the world.
There is no fear in love but perfect love casteth out fear.
There is no speech nor language where their voice is not heard.
There is no uprightness in the wicked but the righteous shall never be moved.
There shall be no more thence an infant of days nor an old man that hath not filled his days for the child shall die an hundred years old and the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed.
There shall be no more thence an infant of days nor an old man that hath not filled his days for the child shall die an hundred years old.
Therefore hast thou planted pleasant things and thou hast set it with strange slips.
Therefore is the name of it called Babel because the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth.
Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother and shall cleave unto his wife and they shall be one flesh.
Therefore shall the law depart from them and the upright shall not judge and they shall snare the righteous and he shall not have righteousness.
Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden to till the ground from whence he was taken.
These are the generations of Shem Shem was an hundred years old and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood.
These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created.
These are the generations of the sons of Noah Shem Ham and Japheth and unto them were sons born after the flood.
These are the three sons of Noah and of them was the whole earth overspread.
These are they which believe on his name through the Word of God and they are born not of blood nor of the will of the flesh nor of the will of man but of God.
These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God that ye may know that ye have eternal life and that ye might believe on the name of the Son of God.
They are of the world therefore speak they of the world and the world heareth them.
They shall be sanctified by the Lord with the sword and with fire from the beginning and even for ever.
They shall build houses and inhabit them they shall plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them.
They shall not be afraid in evil tidings for their heart is fixed relying upon the Lord.
They shall not build and another inhabit they shall not plant and another eat for the life of my people shall be as the life of a tree and my elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands.
They shall not labour in vain nor bring forth for trouble for they are the seed of the blessed of the Lord and their offspring with them.
They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom and talk of thy power.
Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee and thou shalt eat the herb of the field.
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies thou anointest my head with oil my cup runneth over.
Thou shalt draw water with joy out of the wells of salvation.
Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
Thou shalt not bear false witness.
Thou shalt not kill.
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image.
Thou shalt not steal.
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain.
Thou shalt sing unto the Lord that hath victories over the sea and praise his name and sing psalms unto him with thanksgiving for he is worthy.
Thou shalt surely die.
Though an host should encamp against me yet shall not my heart be afraid though war should rise against me in this will I be confident.
Thus did Noah according unto all that the Lord commanded him so did he.
Thus saith the Lord Israel my servant Jacob and Israel whom I have chosen the branch of my hand I have set thee with my spirit.
Thus the heavens and the earth were finished and all the host of them.
Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations.
To deliver their soul from death and to keep them alive in famine.
To divide the day from the night and let them be for signs.
To make known his mighty acts unto the sons of men and the glory of the kingdom of his power.
Ton royaume est un royaume eternel et ton domination dure a travers toutes les generations.
Tout dans les narines duquel etait le souffle de vie de tout ce qui etait sur la terre seche mourut.
Tout etre vivant qui vit sera nourriture pour vous comme l'herbe verte je vous ai donne toute chose.
Toute bete tout etre rampant et tout oiseau et toute chose qui rampe sur la terre selon leurs familles sortirent de l'arche.
Toutes choses sont possibles a celui qui croit.
Toutes tes oeuvres te louent Eternel et tes saints te beniront.
Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding.
Tu feras une fenetre a l'arche et a une coudée de haut tu l'achèveras et la porte de l'arche tu la mettras dans les cotes.
Tu mourras surement.
Tu n'auras point d'autres dieux devant moi.
Tu ne porteras point de faux témoignage.
Tu ne prendras point le nom de l'Eternel ton Dieu en vain.
Tu ne te feras point d'image tairee.
Tu ne tueras point.
Tu ne voleras point.
Tu preparés une table devant moi en presence de mes ennemis tu oins ma tete d'huile ma coupe depasse.
Un bon homme montre de la faveur et prete il manage son affaire avec generosite.
Un hypocrite avec sa bouche detruit son prochain mais par la connaissance le juste sera delivre.
Un mechante homme entend et conspire le mal il l'executera avec cruautée.
Une chose j'ai desiree de l'Eternel je la chercherai c'est que je puisse habiter dans la maison de l'Eternel tous les jours de ma vie pour contempler la beaute de l'Eternel et pour enquérir dans son temple.
Unto Adam and to his wife also the Lord God made coats of skins and clothed them.
Unto the upright there ariseth light in the darkness for the merciful and compassionate and righteous.
Unto the woman he said I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children.
Upon thy belly shalt thou go and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life.
Verily verily I say unto you he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life.
Voici je suis a la porte et je frappe.
Voici quelle maniere d'amour le Pere nous a accordee que nous soyons appeles enfants de Dieu c'est pourquoi le monde ne nous connait point parce qu'il ne l'a pas connu.
Vous etes de Dieu petits enfants et vous les avez surmontes parce que celui qui est en vous est plus grand que celui qui est dans le monde.
Vous n'y toucherez point afin que vous ne mouriez point.
Wait on the Lord be of good courage and he shall strengthen thine heart wait I say on the Lord.
We are of God he that knoweth God heareth us he that is not of God heareth not us hereby know we the spirit of truth and the spirit of error.
We have waited for the Lord he will save us yea we have waited for him he will help us.
We know that we have passed from death unto life because we love the brethren he that loveth not his brother abideth in death.
Wealth and riches shall be in his house and his righteousness endureth forever.
When my father and my mother forsake me then the Lord will take me up.
When the righteous crieth the Lord heareth and delivereth him out of all his troubles.
When the wicked even mine enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh they stumbled and fell.
When thou saidst seek ye my face my heart said unto thee thy face Lord will I seek.
Wherein there is life I have given every green herb for meat and it was so.
Which the waters brought forth abundantly after their kind.
While the earth remaineth seedtime and harvest and cold and heat and summer and winter and day and night shall not cease.
Who forgiveth all thine iniquities who healeth all thy diseases.
Who is he that overcometh the world but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God.
Who redeemeth thy life from destruction who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies.
Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle's.
Whose seed is in itself upon the earth and it was so.
Whoso sheddeth man's blood by man shall his blood be shed for in the image of God made he man.
Whosoever abideth in him sinneth not whosoever sinneth hath not seen him nor known him.
Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten.
Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law for sin is the transgression of the law.
Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him.
Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin for his seed remaineth in him and he cannot sin because he is born of God.
Whosoever transgresseth and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ hath not God he that abideth in the doctrine of Christ he hath both the Father and the Son.
With lower second and third stories shalt thou make it.
Ye are of God little children and have overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world.
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil for thou art with me thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
