In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son.
The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
For I know the plans I have for you declares the Lord plans to prosper you and not to harm you plans to give you hope and a future.
Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding.
I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.
And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God.
Thou shalt not kill.
Thou shalt not steal.
Thou shalt not bear false witness.
Love thy neighbour as thyself.
Blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
I am the way the truth and the life.
In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word was God.
God is love.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life.
Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
Repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Behold I stand at the door and knock.
I am the light of the world.
Let there be light.
The Lord gave and the Lord hath taken away.
Man shall not live by bread alone.
Ask and it shall be given you seek and ye shall find knock and it shall be opened unto you.
Be strong and of a good courage be not afraid neither be thou dismayed for the Lord thy God is with thee.
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear.
Heaven and earth shall pass away but my words shall not pass away.
Verily verily I say unto you he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life.
Jesus wept.
It is finished.
Thanksgiving unto God for all things.
Holy holy holy Lord God Almighty.
The Lord is gracious and merciful long suffering and of great kindness.
O give thanks unto the Lord for he is good.
Praise ye the Lord.
Glory to God in the highest.
The Lord bless thee and keep thee.
A new commandment I give unto you that ye love one another.
Greater love hath no man than this that a man lay down his life for his friends.
The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart.
The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life.
There is no fear in love but perfect love casteth out fear.
If God be for us who can be against us.
The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer.
Create in me a clean heart O God.
The Lord is righteous in all his ways and holy in all his works.
Be still and know that I am God.
The Lord is king.
Blessed is the man that trusteth in the Lord.
The Lord is good a strong hold in the day of trouble.
The Lord is near unto them that are of a broken heart.
O how great is thy goodness which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee.
The Lord thy God is in the midst of thee a mighty one that will save.
The Lord is a sun and shield.
The Lord is my strength and my shield.
The Lord is my portion said my soul therefore will I hope in him.
The Lord is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup.
The Lord is my light and my salvation.
The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want.
The Lord is good unto them that wait for him.
The Lord is righteous in all his ways.
The Lord is merciful and gracious.
The Lord is near to the brokenhearted.
The Lord is a refuge for the oppressed.
The Lord is a mighty God.
The Lord is a shield unto them.
The Lord is a rock of ages.
The Lord is a place of broad rooms.
The Lord is a father to the fatherless.
The Lord is a father to the orphans.
The Lord is a father to them that have no father.
The Lord is a judge in the midst of thee.
The Lord is a king terrible among the nations.
The Lord is a king mighty and strong.
The Lord is a king righteous.
The Lord is a king that reigneth.
The Lord is a king eternal.
The Lord is a king forever.
The Lord is a king that liveth.
The Lord is a king that ruleth.
The Lord is a king that saveth.
The Lord is a king that healeth.
The Lord is a king that keepeth.
The Lord is a king that judgeth.
The Lord is a king that protecteth.
The Lord is a king that provideth.
The Lord is a king that redeemeth.
The Lord is a king that restoreth.
The Lord is a king that sustaineth.
The Lord is a king that watcheth.
The Lord is a king that worketh.
The Lord is a king that zeecheth.
The Lord is my portion.
The Lord is my rock.
The Lord is my salvation.
The Lord is my shield.
The Lord is my strength.
The Lord is my tower.
The Lord is my watchtower.
The Lord is my way.
The Lord is my wisdom.
The Lord is my word.
The Lord is my worship.
The Lord is my worth.
The Lord is my worthy.
The Lord is my wonder.
The Lord is my wonderful.
The Lord is my wonderful counselor.
The Lord is my wonderful guide.
The Lord is my wonderful helper.
The Lord is my wonderful healer.
The Lord is my wonderful keeper.
The Lord is my wonderful leader.
The Lord is my wonderful light.
The Lord is my wonderful love.
The Lord is my wonderful mercy.
The Lord is my wonderful peace.
The Lord is my wonderful power.
The Lord is my wonderful provider.
The Lord is my wonderful protector.
The Lord is my wonderful refuge.
The Lord is my wonderful rock.
The Lord is my wonderful salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful shepherd.
The Lord is my wonderful shield.
The Lord is my wonderful strength.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of wisdom.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of truth.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of understanding.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of knowledge.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of learning.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of life.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of light.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of love.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of mercy.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of peace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of providence.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of protection.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of redemption.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of restoration.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of sanctification.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and wisdom.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and knowledge.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and understanding.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and justice.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and judgment.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and law.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and commandment.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and precept.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and statute.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and ordinance.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and decree.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and revelation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and prophecy.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and promise.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and covenant.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and testament.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and gospel.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and life.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and light.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and love.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and peace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and peace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and righteousness.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and righteousness and salvation.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and righteousness and grace.
The Lord is my wonderful teacher of scripture and truth and mercy and love and peace and power and righteousness and salvation and grace.
Jesus said unto them I am the bread of life.
Jesus said unto them I am the door of the sheep.
Jesus said unto them I am the good shepherd.
Jesus said unto them I am the resurrection and the life.
Jesus said unto them I am the true vine.
Jesus said unto them I am the alpha and the omega.
Jesus said unto them I am the first and the last.
Jesus said unto them I am the beginning and the end.
Jesus said unto them I am the root and the offspring of David.
Jesus said unto them I am the bright and morning star.
Jesus said unto them I am the Amen.
Jesus said unto them I am the faithful and true witness.
Jesus said unto them I am the ruler of kings.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of kings.
Jesus said unto them I am the lord of lords.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of peace.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of love.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of mercy.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of grace.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of truth.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of righteousness.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of justice.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of holiness.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of purity.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of light.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of life.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of hope.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of faith.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of wisdom.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of knowledge.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of understanding.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of power.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and majesty.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and power.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and power.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and might.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and might and victory.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and might and triumph.
Jesus said unto them I am the king of glory and honor and majesty and power and strength and might and victory and triumph.
Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image.
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain.
Remember the sabbath day to keep it holy.
Honour thy father and thy mother.
Six days shalt thou labour and do all thy work.
But the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy God.
In it thou shalt not do any work.
For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth.
And the seventh day he rested and was refreshed.
For the Lord blessed the sabbath day and hallowed it.
For in six days the Lord made the heavens and the earth.
The sea and all that in them is and on the third day he rested.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth and the earth was without form and void.
And darkness was upon the face of the deep.
And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.
And God said let there be light and there was light.
And God saw the light that it was good.
And God divided the light from the darkness.
And God called the light day and the darkness he called night.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.
And God said let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters.
And let it divide the waters from the waters.
And God made the firmament and divided the waters.
And God called the firmament heaven.
And the evening and the morning were the second day.
And God said let the waters under the heaven be gathered together.
And let the dry land appear and it was so.
And God called the dry land earth and the gathering together of the waters called he seas.
And God saw that it was good.
And God said let the earth bring forth grass.
The herb yielding seed and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind.
Whose seed is in itself upon the earth and it was so.
And the earth brought forth grass and the herb yielding seed after his kind.
And the tree yielding fruit whose seed was in itself after his kind.
And God saw that it was good.
And the evening and the morning were the third day.
And God said let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven.
To divide the day from the night and let them be for signs.
And for seasons and for days and years.
And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth.
And it was so.
And God made two great lights the greater light to rule the day.
And the lesser light to rule the night and he made the stars also.
And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth.
And to rule over the day and over the night and to divide the light from the darkness.
And God saw that it was good.
And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.
And God said let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life.
And the fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.
And God created great whales and every living creature that moveth.
Which the waters brought forth abundantly after their kind.
And every winged fowl after his kind and God saw that it was good.
And God blessed them saying be fruitful and multiply and fill the waters in the seas.
And let fowl multiply in the earth.
And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
And God said let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind.
Cattle and creeping thing and beast of the earth after his kind and it was so.
And God made the beast of the earth after his kind and cattle after their kind.
And every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind.
And God saw that it was good.
And God said let us make man in our image after our likeness.
And let them have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the fowl of the air.
And over the cattle and over all the earth and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
So God created man in his own image in the image of God created he him.
Male and female created he them.
And God blessed them and God said unto them be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth.
And subdue it and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the fowl of the air.
And over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.
And God said behold I have given you every herb bearing seed which is upon the face of all the earth.
And every tree in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed to you it shall be for meat.
And to every beast of the earth and to every fowl of the air and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth.
Wherein there is life I have given every green herb for meat and it was so.
And God saw every thing that he had made and behold it was very good.
And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
Thus the heavens and the earth were finished and all the host of them.
And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made.
And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all his work.
These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created.
In the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens.
And every plant of the field before it was in the earth and every herb of the field before it grew.
For the Lord God had not caused it to rain upon the earth and there was not a man to till the ground.
But there went up a mist from the earth and watered the whole face of the ground.
And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life.
And man became a living soul.
And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden and there he put the man whom he had formed.
And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food.
The tree of life also in the midst of the garden and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
And a river went out of Eden to water the garden and from thence it was parted and became into four heads.
The name of the first is Pison that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah where there is gold.
And the gold of that land is good there is bdellium and the onyx stone.
And the name of the second river is Gihon the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.
And the name of the third river is Hiddekel that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria.
And the fourth river is Euphrates.
And the Lord God took the man and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.
And the Lord God commanded the man saying of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat.
But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil thou shalt not eat of it for in the day that thou eatest thereof.
Thou shalt surely die.
And the Lord God said it is not good that the man should be alone I will make him an help meet for him.
And out of the ground the Lord God formed every beast of the field and every fowl of the air.
And brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them and whatsoever Adam called every living creature that was the name thereof.
And Adam gave names to all cattle and to the fowl of the air and to every beast of the field.
But for Adam there was not found an help meet for him.
And the Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam and he slept and he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh instead thereof.
And the rib which the Lord God had taken from man made he a woman and brought her unto the man.
And Adam said this is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh she shall be called woman because she was taken out of man.
Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother and shall cleave unto his wife and they shall be one flesh.
And they were both man and his wife naked in the garden of Eden and were not ashamed.
And the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made.
And he said unto the woman yea hath God said ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden.
And the woman said unto the serpent we may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden.
But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden God hath said ye shall not eat of it.
Neither shall ye touch it lest ye die.
And the serpent said unto the woman ye shall not surely die.
For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof then your eyes shall be opened and ye shall be as gods knowing good and evil.
And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was pleasant to the eyes and a tree to be desired to make one wise.
She took of the fruit thereof and did eat and gave also unto her husband with her and he did eat.
And the eyes of them both were opened and they knew that they were naked and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons.
And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day.
And the man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden.
And the Lord God called unto the man and said unto him where art thou.
And he said I heard thy voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid myself.
And he said who told thee that thou wast naked hast thou eaten of the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat.
And the man said the woman whom thou gavest to be with me she gave me of the tree and I did eat.
And the Lord God said unto the woman what is this that thou hast done and the woman said the serpent beguiled me and I did eat.
And the Lord God said unto the serpent because thou hast done this thou art cursed above all cattle and above every beast of the field.
Upon thy belly shalt thou go and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life.
And I will put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed.
It shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel.
Unto the woman he said I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children.
And thy desire shall be to thy husband and he shall rule over thee.
And unto Adam he said because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee saying thou shalt not eat of it cursed is the ground for thy sake in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life.
Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee and thou shalt eat the herb of the field.
In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread till thou return unto the ground for out of it wast thou taken for dust thou art and unto dust shalt thou return.
And Adam called his wife's name Eve because she was the mother of all living.
Unto Adam and to his wife also the Lord God made coats of skins and clothed them.
And the Lord God said behold the man is become as one of us knowing good and evil and now lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life and eat and live for ever.
Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden to till the ground from whence he was taken.
So he drove out the man and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims and a flaming sword which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life.
The Lord looked upon the earth and behold it was corrupt for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.
And God said I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth both man and beast and the creeping thing and the fowls of the heaven for it repenteth me that I have made them.
But Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord.
And God said unto Noah the end of all flesh is come before me for the earth is filled with violence through them and behold I will destroy them with the earth.
Make thee an ark of gopher wood rooms shalt thou make the ark and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.
And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of the length of three hundred cubits the breadth of fifty cubits and the height of thirty cubits.
A window shalt thou make to the ark and in a cubit from above shalt thou finish it and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the sides thereof.
With lower second and third stories shalt thou make it.
And behold I will bring a flood of waters upon the earth to destroy all flesh wherein is the breath of life from under heaven and everything that is in the earth shall die.
But with thee will I establish my covenant and thou shalt come into the ark thou and thy sons and thy wife and thy sons' wives with thee.
And of every living thing of all flesh two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark to keep them alive with thee they shall be male and female.
Of fowls after their kind and of cattle after their kind of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind two of every sort shall come unto thee to keep them alive.
And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten and gather it to thee and it shall be for food for thee and for them.
Thus did Noah according unto all that the Lord commanded him so did he.
And the Lord said enter thou and all thy house into the ark for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.
Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens the male and his female and of beasts that are not clean by two the male and his female.
Of fowls also of the heaven by sevens the male and the female to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.
For yet seven days and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.
And Noah did according unto all that the Lord commanded him.
And it came to pass after the days that the Lord caused it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights.
And the flood was forty days upon the earth and the waters increased and bare up the ark and it was lift up above the earth.
And the waters prevailed and were increased greatly upon the earth and the ark went upon the face of the waters.
And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered.
Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail and the mountains were covered.
And all flesh died that moved upon the earth both of fowl and of cattle and of beast and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth and every man.
All in whose nostrils was the breath of life of all that was in the dry land died.
And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground both man and cattle and the creeping things and the fowl of the heaven and they were destroyed from the earth and Noah only was left and they that were with him in the ark.
And the waters did prevail a hundred and fifty days upon the earth.
And God remembered Noah and all the beasts and all the cattle that was with him in the ark and God made a wind to pass over the earth and the waters asswaged.
And the fountains of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped and the rain from heaven was restrained.
And the ark rested in the seventh month on the seventeenth day of the month rested the ark upon the mountains of Ararat.
And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month in the tenth month on the first day of the month were the tops of the mountains seen.
And it came to pass at the end of a hundred and fifty days that the ark rested upon the mountains of Ararat.
And Noah sent forth a raven and it went forth to and fro until the waters were dried up from off the earth.
Also sent Noah forth a dove from him to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground.
But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot and she returned unto him into the ark for the waters were on the face of the whole ground then he put forth his hand and took her and pulled her in unto him into the ark.
And he stayed yet other seven days and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark.
And the dove came in to him at eventide and lo a freshly plucked olive leaf was in her mouth so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.
And he stayed yet other seven days and sent forth the dove and she returned not again unto him any more.
And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year in the first month the first day of the month the waters were dried up from off the earth and Noah removed the covering of the ark and looked and behold the face of the ground was dry.
And in the second month on the seven and twentieth day of the month was the earth dried.
And God spake unto Noah saying go forth of the ark thou and thy wife and thy sons and thy sons' wives with thee.
Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee of all flesh both of fowl and of cattle and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth that they may abound in the earth and be fruitful and multiply upon the earth.
And Noah went forth and his sons and his wife and his sons' wives with him.
Every beast every creeping thing and every fowl and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth after their families went forth out of the ark.
And Noah builded an altar unto the Lord and took of every clean beast and of every clean fowl and offered burnt offerings on the altar.
And the Lord smelled a sweet savour and the Lord said in his heart I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth neither will I again smite any more every thing living as I have done.
While the earth remaineth seedtime and harvest and cold and heat and summer and winter and day and night shall not cease.
And God blessed Noah and his sons and said unto them be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth.
And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth and upon every fowl of the heaven upon all that moveth upon the earth and upon all the fishes of the sea into your hand are they delivered.
Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you as the green herb I have given you everything.
But flesh with the life thereof which is the blood thereof shall ye not eat.
And surely your blood of your lives will I require at the hand of every beast will I require it and at the hand of man at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man.
Whoso sheddeth man's blood by man shall his blood be shed for in the image of God made he man.
And thou shalt be fruitful and multiply bring forth abundantly in the earth and multiply therein.
And God spake unto Noah and to his sons with him saying and me behold I establish my covenant with you and with your seed after you.
And with every living creature that is with you of the fowl of the cattle and of every beast of the earth with you from all that go out of the ark to every beast of the earth.
And I will establish my covenant with you neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.
And God said this is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you for perpetual generations.
I do set my bow in the cloud and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
And it shall come to pass when I bring a cloud over the earth that the bow shall be seen in the cloud.
And I will remember my covenant which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.
And the bow shall be in the cloud and I will look upon it that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth.
And God said unto Noah this is the token of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.
And the sons of Noah that went forth of the ark were Shem and Ham and Japheth and Ham is the father of Canaan.
These are the three sons of Noah and of them was the whole earth overspread.
And Noah began to be an husbandman and he planted a vineyard.
And he drank of the wine and was drunken and he was uncovered within his tent.
And Ham the father of Canaan saw the nakedness of his father and told his two brethren without.
And Shem and Japheth took a garment and laid it upon both their shoulders and went backward and covered the nakedness of their father and their faces were backward and they saw not their father's nakedness.
And Noah awoke from his wine and knew what his younger son had done unto him.
And he said cursed be Canaan a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.
And he said blessed be the Lord God of Shem and Canaan shall be his servant.
God shall enlarge Japheth and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem and Canaan shall be his servant.
And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years.
And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years and he died.
These are the generations of the sons of Noah Shem Ham and Japheth and unto them were sons born after the flood.
And the whole earth was of one language and of one speech.
And it came to pass as they journeyed from the east that they found a plain in the land of Shinar and they dwelt there.
And they said one to another go to let us make brick and burn them thoroughly and they had brick for stone and slime had they for morter.
And they said go to let us build us a city and a tower whose top may reach unto heaven and let us make us a name lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower which the children of men builded.
And the Lord said behold the people is one and they have all one language and this they begin to do and now nothing will be restrained from them which they have imagined to do.
Go to let us go down and there confound their language that they may not understand one another's speech.
So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth and they left off to build the city.
Therefore is the name of it called Babel because the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth.
These are the generations of Shem Shem was an hundred years old and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood.
And Abraham believed in the Lord and he counted it to him for righteousness.
Now therefore fear the Lord and serve him in sincerity and in faithfulness and get you from under the arm of the gods of your fathers and serve the Lord.
The Lord your God is God of gods and Lord of lords the great God the mighty and the terrible which regardeth not persons nor taketh reward.
Hear O Israel the Lord our God is one Lord.
And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart and with all thy soul and with all thy might.
And these words which I command thee this day shall be in thine heart.
And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children and thou shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house and when thou walkest by the way and when thou liest down and when thou risest up.
And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes.
And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house and on thy gates.
The Lord is merciful and gracious long suffering and plenteous in mercy and truth.
Keep not back good from them to whom it is due when it is in the power of thine hand to do it.
Devise not evil against thy neighbour seeing he dwelleth securely by thee.
Strive not with a man without cause if he have done thee no harm.
Envy thou not the oppressor and choose none of his ways.
For the froward is abomination to the Lord but secret is he with the righteous.
The wrath of the Lord is against the wicked every day so that he may maintain his cause against his enemies.
The righteous shall never be moved and the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance.
The righteous is a lamp whose light is good but the wicked shall have his lamp put out.
There is no uprightness in the wicked but the righteous shall never be moved.
The righteous is a lamp whose light is good but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out.
The fear of the Lord prolongeth days but the years of the wicked shall be shortened.
The hope of the righteous shall be gladness but the expectation of the wicked shall perish.
The Lord is a name of strength the righteous shall run unto it and be safe.
For the righteous runneth on when his strength faileth but the wicked shall fall by evil.
The righteous is delivered out of trouble and the wicked cometh in his stead.
An hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour but through knowledge shall the righteous be delivered.
When the righteous crieth the Lord heareth and delivereth him out of all his troubles.
The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit.
Many are the afflictions of the righteous but the Lord delivereth him out of them all.
The Lord redeemeth the soul of his servants and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate.
Blessed is the man that considereth the poor the Lord will deliver him in time of trouble.
The Lord knoweth the days of the upright and their inheritance shall be forever.
They shall not be afraid in evil tidings for their heart is fixed relying upon the Lord.
Their heart is established they shall not be afraid till they behold their desire.
The Lord is right he cutteth off the mighty.
The Lord hath ordained the number of the children of Israel and knoweth him that sitteth alone.
The Lord is known by the judgment which he executeth the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands.
Let the wicked cease from evil and let the unrighteous man direct his ways unto the Lord and he will have mercy upon him and he will abound to pardon him.
For I will not contend with you forever neither will I be always wroth for the spirit should fail before me and the souls which I have made.
For the sins of their covetousness and their backslidings was I wroth and I smote them and I hid me and was wroth and they went backward and corrupted their own ways.
I have seen their ways and will heal them I will also lead them and restore comfort unto them and to their mourners.
I will create the fruits of the lips righteousness the Lord God will create it upon us.
I the Lord do keep it I will hasten it the time is come and the day is near that I will create Jerusalem a rejoicing and her people a joy.
And I will rejoice in Jerusalem and joy in my people and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her nor the voice of crying.
There shall be no more thence an infant of days nor an old man that hath not filled his days for the child shall die an hundred years old and the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed.
And they shall build houses and inhabit them and they shall plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them.
They shall not build and another inhabit they shall not plant and another eat for the life of my people shall be as the life of a tree and my elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands.
They shall not labour in vain nor bring forth for trouble for they are the seed of the blessed of the Lord and their offspring with them.
It shall come to pass in the last days that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains and shall be exalted above the hills and all nations shall flow unto it.
And many people shall go and say come ye and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord to the house of the God of Jacob and he will teach us of his ways and we will walk in his paths for the law shall go forth of Zion and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem.
And he shall judge among the nations and shall rebuke many people and they shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks nation shall not lift up sword against nation neither shall they learn war any more.
O house of Jacob come ye and let us walk in the light of the Lord.
For thou hast forsaken the works of the Lord and hast not remembered the mountain of thy strength.
Therefore hast thou planted pleasant things and thou hast set it with strange slips.
In the day therefore shalt thou plant thy planting and shalt set it but shalt remove it in the morning of thy goodly deed it shall wholly dry up yea it shall have a deadly breath sickness of the heart.
And the earth is sunk under them because they have transgressed the laws changed the ordinance and broken the everlasting covenant.
Therefore shall the law depart from them and the upright shall not judge and they shall snare the righteous and he shall not have righteousness.
The Lord goeth forth as a mighty man he stirreth up fury even as a man of war he crieth yea he shouteth he shall prevail against his enemies.
We have waited for the Lord he will save us yea we have waited for him he will help us.
For the Lord our God is a God of salvation and unto the God of Israel are gatherings of shame forever.
The Lord shall utter his voice with his praise and the mighty of Israel shall sing.
Thou shalt sing unto the Lord that hath victories over the sea and praise his name and sing psalms unto him with thanksgiving for he is worthy.
Holy is the Lord your God who hath power to save and he will save thee.
For the Lord thy God is a merciful God he will not leave thee nor destroy thee nor forget the covenant of thy fathers which he sware unto them.
For I the Lord thy God hold the right hand of Jacob and to him I will say fear not my servant Jacob and Israel whom I have chosen.
For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty and floods upon the dry ground I will pour my spirit upon thy seed and my blessing upon thine offspring.
And they shall spring up as among the grass as willows by the water courses.
One shall say I am the Lord's and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob and another shall subscribe with his hand unto the Lord and surname himself by the name of Israel.
Thus saith the Lord Israel my servant Jacob and Israel whom I have chosen the branch of my hand I have set thee with my spirit.
Thou shalt draw water with joy out of the wells of salvation.
For I will comfort thee yea I will comfort thee as a mother comforteth her child so will I comfort thee and thou shalt be comforted in Jerusalem.
And when thou seest this thy heart shall rejoice and thou shalt flourish like a herb and the hand of the Lord shall be known to his servants.
But his hand shall be known against his enemies for the Lord shall come with fire and with his chariots like a whirlwind to render his anger with fury and his rebuke with flames of fire.
For with fire and with his sword will the Lord plead with all flesh and the slain of the Lord shall be many.
They shall be sanctified by the Lord with the sword and with fire from the beginning and even for ever.
And it shall come to pass that he that shall seek the Lord shall live and he that shall forsake the Lord shall die.
For I will create new heavens and a new earth and the former shall not be remembered nor come into mind.
But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create for behold I will create Jerusalem a rejoicing and her people a joy.
And I will rejoice in Jerusalem and joy in my people and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her nor the voice of crying.
There shall be no more thence an infant of days nor an old man that hath not filled his days for the child shall die an hundred years old.
And the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed.
They shall build houses and inhabit them they shall plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them.
They shall not build and another inhabit they shall not plant and another eat for the life of my people shall be as the life of a tree and my elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands.
They shall not labour in vain nor bring forth for trouble for they are the seed of the blessed of the Lord and their offspring with them.
It shall come to pass in the last days that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains and shall be exalted above the hills and all nations shall flow unto it.
And many people shall go and say come ye and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord to the house of the God of Jacob and he will teach us of his ways and we will walk in his paths for the law shall go forth of Zion and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem.
And he shall judge among the nations and shall rebuke many people and they shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks nation shall not lift up sword against nation neither shall they learn war any more.
O house of Jacob come ye and let us walk in the light of the Lord.
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear the Lord is the strength of my life of whom shall I be afraid.
When the wicked even mine enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh they stumbled and fell.
Though an host should encamp against me yet shall not my heart be afraid though war should rise against me in this will I be confident.
One thing have I desired of the Lord that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to enquire in his temple.
For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me he shall set me up upon a rock.
And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy I will sing yea I will sing praises unto the Lord.
Hear O Lord when I cry with my voice have mercy also upon me and answer me.
When thou saidst seek ye my face my heart said unto thee thy face Lord will I seek.
Hide not thy face far from me put not thy servant away in anger thou hast been my help leave me not neither forsake me O God of my salvation.
When my father and my mother forsake me then the Lord will take me up.
Teach me thy way O Lord and lead me in a plain path because of mine enemies.
Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies for false witnesses are risen up against me and such as breathe out cruelty.
I had fainted unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living.
Wait on the Lord be of good courage and he shall strengthen thine heart wait I say on the Lord.
The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures he leadeth me beside the still waters.
He restoreth my soul he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil for thou art with me thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies thou anointest my head with oil my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear the Lord is the strength of my life of whom shall I be afraid.
When the wicked even mine enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh they stumbled and fell.
Though an host should encamp against me yet shall not my heart be afraid though war should rise against me in this will I be confident.
One thing have I desired of the Lord that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to enquire in his temple.
For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me he shall set me up upon a rock.
And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy I will sing yea I will sing praises unto the Lord.
Hear O Lord when I cry with my voice have mercy also upon me and answer me.
When thou saidst seek ye my face my heart said unto thee thy face Lord will I seek.
Hide not thy face far from me put not thy servant away in anger thou hast been my help leave me not neither forsake me O God of my salvation.
When my father and my mother forsake me then the Lord will take me up.
Teach me thy way O Lord and lead me in a plain path because of mine enemies.
Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies for false witnesses are risen up against me and such as breathe out cruelty.
I had fainted unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living.
Wait on the Lord be of good courage and he shall strengthen thine heart wait I say on the Lord.
The Lord said let there be light and there was light.
In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word was God.
And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us and we beheld his glory the glory as of the only begotten of the Father full of grace and truth.
For by grace are ye saved through faith and that not of yourselves it is the gift of God.
Not of works lest any man should boast.
For we are his workmanship created in Christ Jesus unto good works which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.
For the wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.
For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through him might be saved.
He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life but the wrath of God abideth on him.
And this is the record that God hath given to us eternal life and this life is in his Son.
He that hath the Son hath life and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.
These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God that ye may know that ye have eternal life and that ye might believe on the name of the Son of God.
And this is the confidence that we have in him that if we ask anything according to his will he heareth us.
And if we know that he heareth us whatsoever we ask we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.
Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten.
By this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments.
For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments and his commandments are not grievous.
For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world and this is the victory that overcometh the world even our faith.
Who is he that overcometh the world but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God.
These are they which believe on his name through the Word of God and they are born not of blood nor of the will of the flesh nor of the will of man but of God.
And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us and we beheld his glory the glory as of the only begotten of the Father full of grace and truth.
Jesus Christ is the Son of God the true God and eternal life.
Beloved believe not every spirit but try the spirits whether they are of God because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
Hereby know ye the Spirit of God every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God.
And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God and this is that spirit of antichrist whereof ye have heard that it should come and even now already it is in the world.
Ye are of God little children and have overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world.
They are of the world therefore speak they of the world and the world heareth them.
We are of God he that knoweth God heareth us he that is not of God heareth not us hereby know we the spirit of truth and the spirit of error.
Little children abide in him that when he shall appear we may have confidence and not be ashamed of him at his coming.
If ye know that he is righteous ye know that every one that doeth righteousness is born of him.
Behold what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us that we should be called the children of God therefore the world knoweth us not because it knew him not.
Beloved now are we the children of God and it doth not yet appear what we shall be but we know that when he shall appear we shall be like him for we shall see him as he is.
And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself even as he is pure.
Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law for sin is the transgression of the law.
And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins and in him is no sin.
Whosoever abideth in him sinneth not whosoever sinneth hath not seen him nor known him.
Little children let no man deceive you he that doeth righteousness is righteous even as he is righteous.
He that committeth sin is of the devil for the devil sinneth from the beginning and for this purpose the Son of God was manifested that he might destroy the works of the devil.
Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin for his seed remaineth in him and he cannot sin because he is born of God.
And in this the children of God are manifest and the children of the devil whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God neither he that loveth not his brother.
For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning that we should love one another.
Not as Cain who was of that wicked one and slew his brother and wherefore slew he him because his own works were evil and his brother's righteous.
Marvel not my brethren if the world hate you.
We know that we have passed from death unto life because we love the brethren he that loveth not his brother abideth in death.
Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him.
Hereby perceived we love because he laid down his life for us and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.
But whoso hath this world's good and seeth his brother have need and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him how dwelleth the love of God in him.
My little children let us not love in word neither in tongue but in deed and in truth.
And hereby we know that we are of the truth and shall assure our hearts before him.
For if our heart condemn us yet God is greater than our heart and knoweth all things.
Beloved if our heart condemn us not then have we confidence toward God.
And whatsoever we ask we receive of him because we keep his commandments and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.
And this is his commandment that we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ and love one another as he gave us commandment.
And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him and he in him and hereby we know that he abideth in us by the Spirit which he hath given us.
And the Spirit is truth which witnesseth of Jesus and these three are one.
For there are three that bear record in heaven the Father the Word and the Holy Ghost and these three are one.
And there are three that bear witness in earth the Spirit and the water and the blood and these three agree in one.
If we receive the witness of men the witness of God is greater for this is the witness of God which he hath testified of his Son.
He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself he that believeth not God hath made him a liar because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son.
And this is the record that God hath given to us eternal life and this life is in his Son.
He that hath the Son hath life and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.
These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God that ye may know that ye have eternal life and that ye might believe on the name of the Son of God.
And this is the confidence that we have in him that if we ask anything according to his will he heareth us.
And if we know that he heareth us whatsoever we ask we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.
Whosoever transgresseth and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ hath not God he that abideth in the doctrine of Christ he hath both the Father and the Son.
If there come any unto you and bring not this doctrine receive him not into your house neither bid him God speed.
For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.
Having many things to write unto you I would not write with paper and ink but I trust to write unto you upon the table of your hearts.
Little children keep yourselves from idols fare ye well.
The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures he leadeth me beside the still waters.
He restoreth my soul he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil for thou art with me thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies thou anointest my head with oil my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.
The heavens declare the glory of God and the firmament sheweth his handywork.
Day unto day uttereth speech and night unto night sheweth knowledge.
There is no speech nor language where their voice is not heard.
Their line is gone out through all the earth and their words to the end of the world.
Bless the Lord O my soul and all that is within me bless his holy name.
Bless the Lord O my soul and forget not all his benefits.
Who forgiveth all thine iniquities who healeth all thy diseases.
Who redeemeth thy life from destruction who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies.
Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle's.
The Lord executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.
He made known his ways unto Moses his works unto the children of Israel.
The Lord is merciful and gracious abundant in mercy and truth.
The Lord is good to all and his tender mercies are over all his works.
All thy works shall praise thee O Lord and thy saints shall bless thee.
They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom and talk of thy power.
To make known his mighty acts unto the sons of men and the glory of the kingdom of his power.
Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations.
The Lord is righteous in all his ways and holy in all his works.
The Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon him to all that call upon him in truth.
The desire of them that fear him he will hear also and will deliver them.
The Lord preserveth all them that love him but all the wicked will he destroy.
My soul shall praise the Lord for he hath comforted me.
His eyes are upon them that fear him and upon them that hope in his mercy.
To deliver their soul from death and to keep them alive in famine.
Our soul waiteth for the Lord he is our help and our shield.
For our heart shall rejoice in him because we have trusted in his holy name.
Let thy mercy O Lord be upon us according as we hope in thee.
Blessed is the man that feareth the Lord that delighteth greatly in his commandments.
His seed shall be mighty upon earth the generation of the righteous shall be blessed.
Wealth and riches shall be in his house and his righteousness endureth forever.
Unto the upright there ariseth light in the darkness for the merciful and compassionate and righteous.
A good man sheweth favor and lendeth he handleth his affair with generosity.
For the righteous shall never be moved he shall be in everlasting remembrance.
A wicked man heareth and conspireth evil he shall execute it with cruelty.
The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous and his ears are open unto their cry.
The face of the Lord is against them that do evil to root out the memory of them from the earth.
The righteous crieth and the Lord heareth and delivereth him out of all his troubles.
The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit.
The righteous man walketh in his integrity his children are blessed after him.
The Lord hath established Zion and he shall appear in his glory.
He shall judge the world in righteousness and the people with equity.
The Lord heareth the poor and spareth his saints but they are delivered out of the hand of the wicked.
The Lord is gracious and merciful long suffering and of great kindness.
The Lord is good unto them that wait for him to the soul that seeketh him.
It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord.
It is good for a man that he bear the yoke in his youth.
He sitteth alone and keepeth silence because he hath borne it upon himself.
He putteth his mouth in the dust perhaps there is hope.
He putteth his hand to his mouth perhaps there is hope.
He giveth more abundance than bread and water he giveth strength unto the weak.
For the righteous shall inherit the land and dwell therein forever.
The Lord is king forever prepare the praise unto God even upon the bucklers.
His glory endureth forever and his kingdom ruleth over all nations.
The Lord is king of all nations his glory is above the heavens.
The Lord is king of all the earth sing ye praises with understanding.
The Lord is king of all the world sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the earth sing ye praises with understanding.
The Lord is king of all the heavens sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the earth sing ye praises with understanding.
The Lord is king of all the sea sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the rivers sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the floods sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the mountains sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the hills sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the valleys sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the plains sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the deserts sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth and all that is therein sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth and all that is therein and all that is thereon sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth and all that is therein and all that is thereon and all that is thereunder sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king of all the wilderness and the deserts and the mountains and the hills and the valleys and the plains and the rivers and the floods and the sea and the heavens and the earth and all that is therein and all that is thereon and all that is thereunder and all that is therein and thereon and thereunder sing ye praises unto God.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Hallelujah Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah.
The Lord is king forever and ever Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Selah Amen Hallelujah Alleluia Sel
